Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday. - Anonymous
It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper. - Anonymous
Every man dies. Not every man really lives. - Anonymous
The day is already blessed, find peace within it. - Anonymous
From small beginnings come great things. - Anonymous
It takes both sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. - Anonymous
A beautiful thing is never perfect. - Anonymous
Every new day is another chance to change your life. - Anonymous
Some pursue happiness, others create it. - Anonymous
We do what we do because we believe. - Anonymous
The harder you fall, the higher you bounce. - Anonymous
Everyone smiles in the same language. - Anonymousk
You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible. - Anonymous
Friendship isn't a big thing. It's a million little things. - Anonymous
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow. - Anonymous
Someone remembers, someone cares; your name is whispered in someone's prayers. - Anonymous
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams. - Anonymous
Change your thoughts, change your life! - Anonymous
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday. - Anonymous
The day always looks brighter from behind a smile. - Anonymous
A stumble may prevent a fall. - Anonymous
Put your future in good hands your own. - Anonymous
What you see depends on what you're looking for. - Anonymous
Worry gives a small thing a big shadow. - Anonymous
To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did. - Anonymous
Be thankful when you don't know something for it gives you the opportunity to learn. - Anonymous
Letting go is not the end of the world; it is the beginning of a new life. - Anonymous
Our greatest glory is not in never failing but rising everytime we fall. - Anonymous
Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day. - Anonymous
Love is not blind; it simply enables one to see things others fail to see. - Anonymous
If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through. - Anonymous
Don't focus on making the right decision, focus on making the decision the right one. - Anonymous
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning. - Anonymous
We all have problems. The way we solve them is what makes us different. - Anonymous
Invent your world. Surround yourself with people, color, sounds, and work that nourish you. - Anonymous
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day. - Anonymous
Some people think it's holding that makes one strong sometimes it's letting go. - Anonymous
Why worry about things you cannot control when you can keep yourself busy controlling the things that depend on you? - Anonymous
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward. - Anonymous
As the rest of the world is walking out the door, your best friends are the ones walking in. - Anonymous
Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you. - Anonymous
A good teacher is like a candle it consumes itself to light the way for others. - Anonymous
Life is not measured by the breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath. - Anonymous
The real measure of your wealth is how much youd be worth if you lost all your money. - Anonymous
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending. - Anonymous
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are. - Anonymous
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak. Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go. - Anonymous
Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it. - Anonymous
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present. - Anonymous
When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument. Everything is debatable. But when you stand for something, decisions are obvious. - Anonymous
Every sixty seconds you spend angry, upset or mad, is a full minute of happiness you will never get back. - Anonymous
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking. - Anonymous
Peace of mind is not the absence of conflict from life, but the ability to cope with it. - Anonymous
An obstacle may be either a stepping stone or a stumbling block. - Anonymous
I've never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful. - Anonymous
Kindness is the greatest wisdom. - Anonymous
Don't miss all the beautiful colors of the rainbow looking for that pot of gold. - Anonymous
You don't drown by falling in water. You drown by staying there. - Anonymous
Never be afraid to try, remember... Amateurs built the ark, Professionals built the Titanic. - Anonymous
A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home. - Anonymous
You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world. - Anonymous
A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn. - Anonymous
One who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; one who does not ask a question remains a fool forever. - Anonymous
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose. - Anonymous
A good rest is half the work. - Anonymous
All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today. - Anonymous
A man is not where he lives but where he loves. - Anonymous
The world does not happen to you it happens from you. - Anonymous
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin. - Anonymous
What we see is mainly what we look for. - Anonymous
Don't wait for people to be friendly. Show them how. - Anonymous
Don't let today's disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow's dreams. - Anonymous
Never let lack of money interfere with having fun. - Anonymous
He who has health has hope, and he who has hope has everything. - Anonymous
The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter. - Anonymous
Change your words. Change your world. - Anonymous
Open minds lead to open doors. - Anonymous
Each time we face a fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing. - Anonymous
If you come to a fork in the road, take it. - Anonymous
Nobody can do everything, but everybody can do something. - Anonymous
Why worry about tomorrow, when today is all we have? - Anonymous
Most smiles are started by another smile. - Anonymous
When you lose, don't lose the lesson. - Anonymous
If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand. - Anonymous
The steeper the mountain the harder the climb the better the view from the finishing line - Anonymous
Don't let what you can't do stop you from doing what you can do. - Anonymous
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. - Anonymous
The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm. - Anonymous
Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have. - Anonymous
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails. - Anonymous
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go. - Anonymous
Many people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could. - Anonymous
Never tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon. - Anonymous
Count your joys instead of your woes. Count your friends instead of your foes. - Anonymous
Beware of the half truth. You may have gotten hold of the wrong half. - Anonymous
It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not. - Anonymous
Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life. - Joel Osteen
My attitude is that if you push me towards something that you think is a weakness, then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength. - Michael Jordan
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. - Albert Einstein
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude. - Thomas Jefferson
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. - Winston Churchill
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude. - Zig Ziglar
There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. The little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative. - W. Clement Stone
Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation. - Brian Tracy
Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of human freedoms - to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way. - Viktor E. Frankl
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results. - Wade Boggs
Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people whom we personally dislike. - Oscar Wilde
It is not the body's posture, but the heart's attitude that counts when we pray. - Billy Graham
People may hear your words, but they feel your attitude. - John C. Maxwell
But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be. - Alan Watts
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time. - Elbert Hubbard
Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us. - Earl Nightingale
Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one. - Hans Selye
Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new. - Og Mandino
The reactionary is always willing to take a progressive attitude on any issue that is dead. - Theodore Roosevelt
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it. - Raymond Chandler
Cock your hat - angles are attitudes. - Frank Sinatra
When you pray for anyone you tend to modify your personal attitude toward him. - Norman Vincent Peale
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude. - Colin Powell
I'm only going to stand before God and give an account for my life, not for somebody else's life. If I have a bad attitude, then I need to say there's no point in me blaming you for what's wrong in my life. - Joyce Meyer
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome. - William James
My attitude is, if someone's going to criticize me, tell me to my face. - Simon Cowell
Having a positive mental attitude is asking how something can be done rather than saying it can't be done. - Bo Bennett
My general attitude to life is to enjoy every minute of every day. I never do anything with a feeling of, 'Oh God, I've got to do this today.' - Richard Branson
A complainer is like a Death Eater because there's a suction of negative energy. You can catch a great attitude from great people. - Barbara Corcoran
The meaning of things lies not in the things themselves, but in our attitude towards them. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Pink isn't just a color, it's an attitude! - Miley Cyrus
The remarkable thing is, we have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day. - Charles R. Swindoll
A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me. - David Bailey
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society. - William Makepeace Thackeray
When you are thwarted, it is your own attitude that is out of order. - Meister Eckhart
I think it's my adventure, my trip, my journey, and I guess my attitude is, let the chips fall where they may. - Leonard Nimoy
Bad attitudes will ruin your team. - Terry Bradshaw
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability. - Walter Scott
Happiness is an attitude of mind, born of the simple determination to be happy under all outward circumstances. - J. Donald Walters
Great effort springs naturally from great attitude. - Pat Riley
Attitudes are more important than facts. - George MacDonald
Attitude is everything. - Diane von Furstenberg
Attitude determines the altitude of life. - Edwin Louis Cole
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us. - John N. Mitchell
The greatest discovery of my generation is that man can alter his life simply by altering his attitude of mind. - James Truslow Adams
But my attitude about it is I have miles to go before I sleep. - Peabo Bryson
The attitude is very important. Because, your behavior radiates how you feel. - Lou Ferrigno
When you ain't got no money, you gotta get an attitude. - Richard Pryor
Civilization is a method of living, an attitude of equal respect for all men. - Jane Addams
Most of us start out with a positive attitude and a plan to do our best. - Marilu Henner
There are no menial jobs, only menial attitudes. - William J. Brennan, Jr.
Funny is an attitude. - Flip Wilson
The biggest challenge is how to affect public attitudes and make people care. - Jim Fowler
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. - Maya Angelou
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come. - Dalai Lama
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens. - Khalil Gibran
Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude. - Dale Carnegie
Whenever you're in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it. That factor is attitude. - William James
Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test. And God promises you your marked moments are on their way. - Joel Osteen
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results. - William James
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again. - W. Clement Stone
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. - Scott Hamilton
If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges. - Pat Riley
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you. - Brian Tracy
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude. - Oprah Winfrey
A healthy attitude is contagious but don't wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier. - Tom Stoppard
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. The way you think about a fact may defeat you before you ever do anything about it. You are overcome by the fact because you think you are. - Norman Vincent Peale
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude. - Ralph Marston
I hope the millions of people I've touched have the optimism and desire to share their goals and hard work and persevere with a positive attitude. - Michael Jordan
We cannot change our past. We can not change the fact that people act in a certain way. We can not change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude. - Charles R. Swindoll
I was looking for something a lot heavier, yet melodic at the same time. Something different from heavy metal, a different attitude. - Kurt Cobain
Spend some time this weekend on home improvement improve your attitude toward your family. - Bo Bennett
We awaken in others the same attitude of mind we hold toward them. - Elbert Hubbard
There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. That little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative. - Robert Collier
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it. - Lou Holtz
The last of human freedoms - the ability to chose one's attitude in a given set of circumstances. - Viktor E. Frankl
Attitude is more important than the past, than education, than money, than circumstances, than what people do or say. It is more important than appearance, giftedness, or skill. - Charles R. Swindoll
Being black is not a matter of pigmentation - being black is a reflection of a mental attitude. - Steven Biko
People in tough times - it doesn't mean they don't have a great attitude. - Joel Osteen
A strong positive mental attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug. - Patricia Neal
Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. - Victor Hugo
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions. - Harold S. Geneen
If a person gets his attitude toward money straight, it will help straighten out almost every other area in his life. - Billy Graham
I've reached a point in my life where it's the little things that matter... I was always a rebel and probably could have got much farther had I changed my attitude. But when you think about it, I got pretty far without changing attitudes. I'm happier with that. - Veronica Lake
Fairness is not an attitude. It's a professional skill that must be developed and exercised. - Brit Hume
I think whether you're having setbacks or not, the role of a leader is to always display a winning attitude. - Colin Powell
Be sure what you want and be sure about yourself. Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong. - Adriana Lima
Hitler and Mussolini were only the primary spokesmen for the attitude of domination and craving for power that are in the heart of almost everyone. Until the source is cleared, there will always be confusion and hate, wars and class antagonisms. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
There must be something solemn, serious, and tender about any attitude which we denominate religious. If glad, it must not grin or snicker if sad, it must not scream or curse. - William James
Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman - not the attitude of the prospect. - W. Clement Stone
A positive attitude is not going to save you. What it's going to do is, everyday, between now and the day you die, whether that's a short time from now or a long time from now, that every day, you're going to actually live. - Elizabeth Edwards
Always keep that happy attitude. Pretend that you are holding a beautiful fragrant bouquet. - Earl Nightingale
Black Consciousness is an attitude of the mind and a way of life, the most positive call to emanate from the black world for a long time. - Steven Biko
I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a person's day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something. - Eddie Vedder
We submit to the majority because we have to. But we are not compelled to call our attitude of subjection a posture of respect. - Ambrose Bierce
The winner's edge is not in a gifted birth, a high IQ, or in talent. The winner's edge is all in the attitude, not aptitude. Attitude is the criterion for success. - Denis Waitley
Having a clear faith, based on the creed of the church is often labeled today as fundamentalism. Whereas relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and swept along by every wind of teaching, look like the only attitude acceptable to today's standards. - Pope Benedict XVI
Today's students can put dope in their veins or hope in their brains. If they can conceive it and believe it, they can achieve it. They must know it is not their aptitude but their attitude that will determine their altitude. - Jesse Jackson
I think a lot of times we don't pay enough attention to people with a positive attitude because we assume they are naive or stupid or unschooled. - Amy Adams
A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change. - Earl Nightingale
Chaotic people often have chaotic lives, and I think they create that. But if you try and have an inner peace and a positive attitude, I think you attract that. - Imelda Staunton
I am Classic Rock Revisited. I revisit it every waking moment of my life because it has the spirit and the attitude and the fire and the middle finger. I am Rosa Parks with a Gibson guitar. - Ted Nugent
And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on. - Alan Watts
Our lives are not determined by what happens to us but how we react to what happens, not by what life brings us but the attitude we bring to life. - Wade Boggs
Being a sex symbol has to do with an attitude, not looks. Most men think it's looks, most women know otherwise. - Kathleen Turner
I am responsible. Although I may not be able to prevent the worst from happening, I am responsible for my attitude toward the inevitable misfortunes that darken life. - Walter Anderson
No rational argument will have a rational effect on a man who does not want to adopt a rational attitude. - Karl Popper
When I was a child I asked my mother what homosexuality was about and she said - and this was 100 years ago in Germany and she was very open-minded - 'It's like hair color. It's nothing. Some people are blond and some people have dark hair. It's not a subject.' This was a very healthy attitude. - Karl Lagerfeld
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities. - Walter Scott
Obama does not represent America. Nor does he represent anything what our forefathers stood for. This country is basically built on an attitude. It's a way of life. It's not because you're born here. It's not that you're supposed to take from those who have and give to those who haven't. That kills a country. It killed Russia. - Luke Scott
Stop this attitude that older people ain't any good anymore! We're as good as we ever were - if we ever were any good. - Dolly Parton
My attitude to peace is rather based on the Burmese definition of peace - it really means removing all the negative factors that destroy peace in this world. So peace does not mean just putting an end to violence or to war, but to all other factors that threaten peace, such as discrimination, such as inequality, poverty. - Aung San Suu Kyi
Your attitude is like a box of crayons that color your world. Constantly color your picture gray, and your picture will always be bleak. Try adding some bright colors to the picture by including humor, and your picture begins to lighten up. - Allen Klein
Crime is terribly revealing. Try and vary your methods as you will, your tastes, your habits, your attitude of mind, and your soul is revealed by your actions. - Agatha Christie
Some people say I have attitude - maybe I do... but I think you have to. You have to believe in yourself when no one else does - that makes you a winner right there. - Venus Williams
The minute you try to talk business with him he takes the attitude that he is a gentleman and a scholar, and the moment you try to approach him on the level of his moral integrity he starts to talk business. - Raymond Chandler
Stiletto, I look at it more as an attitude as opposed to a high-heeled shoe. - Lita Ford
If somebody says no to you, or if you get cut, Michael Jordan was cut his first year, but he came back and he was the best ever. That is what you have to have. The attitude that I'm going to show everybody, I'm going to work hard to get better and better. - Magic Johnson
When you have vision it affects your attitude. Your attitude is optimistic rather than pessimistic. - Charles R. Swindoll
What matters to me is that I do what I think is right and I see, I'm a numbers guy, that's my attitude. I know we have a debt tsunami coming, we are bankrupting this country and I'm in a position where I can actually advance ideas to prevent that from happening. That's exactly what I should be doing. - Paul Ryan
I developed a nutty attitude where I'd think, If some guy really loves me he doesn't care if I'm fat. I'd come up with all these stupid reasons why it would be OK to be fat. - Kirstie Alley
Really you just gotta keep chugging along and keep a positive attitude and get through all the problems. You gotta face them, otherwise you don't get through. - Lesley Gore
Solidarity is an attitude of resistance, I suppose, or it should be. - Christopher Hitchens
There's always the motivation of wanting to win. Everybody has that. But a champion needs, in his attitude, a motivation above and beyond winning. - Pat Riley
Americans are the most generous country on the planet. I've worked in Europe, I've worked in Australia. There is no where else where you get absolutely no attitude for being a foreigner. If you do your job well, they embrace you. - Hugh Jackman
When I go to the clinic next and sit with a tube in my arm and watch the poison go in, I'm in an attitude of abject passivity. It doesn't feel like fighting at all it just feels like submitting. - Christopher Hitchens
Our judgments judge us, and nothing reveals us, exposes our weaknesses, more ingeniously than the attitude of pronouncing upon our fellows. - Paul Valery
Pessimism only describes an attitude, and not facts, and hence is entirely subjective. - Francis Parker Yockey
I was kicked out of school because of my attitude. I was not assimilating. So I went to work, taking any jobs I could get. - Richard Pryor
A lot of times I find that people who are blessed with the most talent don't ever develop that attitude, and the ones who aren't blessed in that way are the most competitive and have the biggest heart. - Tom Brady
So long as you've got your friends about you, and a good positive attitude, you don't really have to care what everyone else thinks. - Gail Porter
I separated from the Southern Baptists when they adopted the discriminatory attitude towards women, because I believe what Paul taught in Galatians that there is no distinction in God's eyes between men and women, slaves and masters, Jews and non-Jews - everybody is created equally in the eyes of God. - Jimmy Carter
My attitude toward men who mess around is simple: If you find 'em, kill 'em. - Loretta Lynn
Prayer is talking with God. God knows your heart and is not so concerned with your words as He is with the attitude of your heart. - Josh McDowell
You can't study comedy it's within you. It's a personality. My humor is an attitude. - Don Rickles
You call to a dog and a dog will break its neck to get to you. Dogs just want to please. Call to a cat and its attitude is, 'What's in it for me?' - Lewis Grizzard
The compulsion to do good is an innate American trait. Only North Americans seem to believe that they always should, may, and actually can choose somebody with whom to share their blessings. Ultimately this attitude leads to bombing people into the acceptance of gifts. - Ivan Illich
I keep guitars that are, you know, the neck's a little bit bent and it's a little bit out of tune. I want to work and battle it and conquer it and make it express whatever attitude I have at that moment. I want it to be a struggle. - Jack White
Most of my arguments with musicians through the years have had more to do with their attitude about music, or their attitude about their own lives, or their personal responsibility. Music has never really been the big centerpiece of the fight. - Billy Corgan
I love everybody. One of the great things about me is that I have a very positive attitude. - Imelda Marcos
Mankind's true moral test, its fundamental test (which lies deeply buried from view), consists of its attitude towards those who are at its mercy: animals. And in this respect mankind has suffered a fundamental debacle, a debacle so fundamental that all others stem from it. - Milan Kundera
It's sort of a mental attitude about critical thinking and curiosity. It's about mindset of looking at the world in a playful and curious and creative way. - Adam Savage
Punk was defined by an attitude rather than a musical style. - David Byrne
It's a fundamental, social attitude that the 1% supports symphonies and operas and doesn't support Johnny learning to program hip-hop beats. When I put it like that, it sounds like, 'Well, yeah,' but you start to think, 'Why not, though?' What makes one more valuable than another? - David Byrne
I think people feel threatened by homosexuality. The problem isn't about gay people, the problem is about the attitude towards gay people. People think that all gays are Hannibal Lecters. But gay people are sons and daughters, politicians and doctors, American heroes and daughters of American heroes. - Hollis Stacy
I have this theory that, depending on your attitude, your life doesn't have to become this ridiculous charade that it seems so many people end up living. - Christian Bale
It was just like a dream. I could have ended up with an album that's not all that different from anything else coming out of Nashville. Mutt made the difference. He took these songs, my attitude, my creativity, and colored them in a way that is unique. - Shania Twain
I look at Jagger and the like and if I see a good attitude I'll admire it but I wouldn't copy their style. - Michael Hutchence
My attitude is never to be satisfied, never enough, never. - Duke Ellington
Today's youth are told to get rich or die trying and they really shouldn't take that attitude forward with them. - Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
The purely agitational attitude is not good enough for a detailed consideration of a subject. - Jawaharlal Nehru
Not every religion has to have St. Augustine's attitude to sex. Why even in our culture marriages are celebrated in a church, everyone present knows what is going to happen that night, but that doesn't prevent it being a religious ceremony. - Ludwig Wittgenstein
Never refuse an assignment except when there is a conflict of interest, a potential of danger to you or your family, or you hold a strongly biased attitude about the subject under focus. - Jessica Savitch
We can revolutionize the attitude of inner city brown and black kids to learning. We need a civil rights movement within the African-American community. - Henry Louis Gates
It's a question of keeping one's eyes and ears open and watching how other people play the game. They're watching me too, to see what my attitude is like. - Charles Dance
Yes, we're still five little people with a noisy attitude. - Angus Young
In individual industries where female labour pays an important role, any movement advocating better wages, shorter working hours, etc., would not be doomed from the start because of the attitude of those women workers who are not organized. - Clara Zetkin
On 'Van Halen,' I was a young punk, and everything revolved around the fastest kid in town, gunslinger attitude. But I'd say that at the time of 'Fair Warning,' I started concentrating more on songwriting. But I guess in most people's minds I'm just a gunslinger. - Eddie Van Halen
Design is about point of view, and there should be some sort of woman or lifestyle or attitude in one's head as a designer. - Vera Wang
Liberalism is an attitude rather than a set of dogmas - an attitude that insists upon questioning all plausible and self-evident propositions, seeking not to reject them but to find out what evidence there is to support them rather than their possible alternatives. - Morris Raphael Cohen
The Dolls were an attitude. If nothing else they were a great attitude. - Johnny Thunders
I was impressed by Hendrix. His attitude was brilliant. Even the way he walked was amazing. - Ritchie Blackmore
The best way to inspire people to superior performance is to convince them by everything you do and by your everyday attitude that you are wholeheartedly supporting them. - Harold S. Geneen
I think it's your mental attitude. So many of us start dreading age in high school and that's a waste of a lovely life. 'Oh... I'm 30, oh, I'm 40, oh, 50.' Make the most of it. - Betty White
The attitude that nature is chaotic and that the artist puts order into it is a very absurd point of view, I think. All that we can hope for is to put some order into ourselves. - Willem de Kooning
Britishness is just a way of putting things together and a certain don't care attitude about clothes. You don't care, you just do it and it looks great. - Vivienne Westwood
It remains to consider what attitude thoughtful men and Christian believers should take respecting them, and how they stand related to beliefs of another order. - Asa Gray
Surfers have the most attitude. - Shaun White
I've never run into a guy who could win at the top level in anything today and didn't have the right attitude, didn't give it everything he had, at least while he was doing it wasn't prepared and didn't have the whole program worked out. - Ted Turner
That's what I love from metal, and that's what I love from hip-hop. That's what I love from any music that's hard, that's got an edge to it-The attitude in it. - Kid Rock
That attitude that fighting is probably not fair, but you have to defend yourself anyway and damage the enemy, has been profoundly consequential as far as my political activism goes. - June Jordan
Seek out that particular mental attribute which makes you feel most deeply and vitally alive, along with which comes the inner voice which says, 'This is the real me,' and when you have found that attitude, follow it. - James Truslow Adams
People think, 'She's a model. She must have such an attitude. She must be so stuck up.' But I'm normal. I cry. I'm not rich. I drive a 1987 Chevrolet Celebrity. - Summer Altice
My grandfather was a man, when he talked about freedom, his attitude was really interesting. His view was that you had obligations or you had responsibilities, and when you fulfilled those obligations or responsibilities, that then gave you the liberty to do other things. - Clarence Thomas
I think failure is nothing more than life's way of nudging you that you are off course. My attitude to failure is not attached to outcome, but in not trying. It is liberating. Most people attach failure to something not working out or how people perceive you. This way, it is about answering to yourself. - Sara Blakely
Part of our western outlook stems from the scientific attitude and its method of isolating the parts of a phenomenon in order to analyze them. - Arthur Erickson
There is a single thread of attitude, a single direction of flow, that joins our present time to its early burgeoning in Mediterranean civilization. - Arthur Erickson
We live in a country that used to have a can-do attitude, and now we have a 'what-can-you-do-for-me?' attitude, and what I try to do is find ways that we can develop common ground. - Benjamin Carson
Could we change our attitude, we should not only see life differently, but life itself would come to be different. - Katherine Mansfield
The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight. - Arthur Ashe
An attitude to life which seeks fulfillment in the single-minded pursuit of wealth - in short, materialism - does not fit into this world, because it contains within itself no limiting principle, while the environment in which it is placed is strictly limited. - E. F. Schumacher
You may not be able to change a situation, but with humor you can change your attitude about it. - Allen Klein
What was past was past. I suppose that was the general attitude. - V. S. Naipaul
Iraq is just a symbol of the attitude of western democracies to the rest of the world. - Harold Pinter
I don't mean this in a stuck-up way, but I needed an attitude song. - Gwen Stefani
I met my grandfather just before he died, and it was the first time that I had seen Dad with a relative of his. It was interesting to see my own father as a son and the body language and alteration in attitude that comes with that, and it sort of changed our relationship for the better. - Christian Bale
I don't think it's a good attitude in your life to feel that you have to be rich to have self-esteem. - Tom Petty
All we need, really, is a change from a near frigid to a tropical attitude of mind. - Marjory Stoneman Douglas
An aristocratic culture does not advertise its emotions. In its forms of expression it is sober and reserved. Its general attitude is stoic. - Johan Huizinga
I was impressed by Hendrix. Not so much by his playing, as his attitude - he wasn't a great player, but everything else about him was brilliant. - Ritchie Blackmore
Attitude is attitude, whether you're a West Coast gangster or East Coast gangster, you know? - Paul Walker
You know, I always say white is not a colour, white is an attitude, and if you haven't got trillions of dollars in the bank that you don't need, you can't be white. - Dick Gregory
Being a part of SKECHERS is exciting. It is such a hip company with a great attitude and image. - Carrie Underwood
It is precisely the purpose of the public opinion generated by the press to make the public incapable of judging, to insinuate into it the attitude of someone irresponsible, uninformed. - Walter Benjamin
Coaches will eventually notice a great attitude, and they respect that. - Heather O'Reilly
The novelist teaches the reader to comprehend the world as a question. There is wisdom and tolerance in that attitude. In a world built on sacrosanct certainties the novel is dead. - Milan Kundera
No one's going to be able to operate without a grounding in the basic sciences. Language would be helpful, although English is becoming increasingly international. And travel. You have to have a global attitude. - Rupert Murdoch
My second husband believed I had such a fickle attitude to friendship that each Friday he would update the list of my 'Top Ten' friends in the manner of a Top Of The Pops chart countdown. - Julie Burchill
If you can kill animals, the same attitude can kill human beings. The mentality is the same which exploits nature and which creates wars. - Satish Kumar
My attitude is, do as much as I can while I'm free. And if I'm arrested I'll still do as much as I can. - Aung San Suu Kyi
There are a lot of movies I'd like to throw away. That's not to say that I went in with that attitude. Any film I ever started, I went in with all the hope and best intentions in the world, but some films just don't work. - Kiefer Sutherland
By making a comeback, I'm changing the attitude of people toward me. If I'd known that people would react so enthusiastically, I'd have done it years ago. - Mark Spitz
Today, I think the attitude is that governing is not necessarily good politics, and the result is that it's much more partisan and much more divided. - Leon Panetta
That term's definitely got a negative aura to it, because people think a diva is somebody with an attitude who demands things all the time. Of course there is that type of diva, but my idea of a diva has always been a singer - whether male or female - who gets on that stage and captivates you with their presence and their voice. - Jordin Sparks
Oh, I don't think Tom Sowell would tell anybody to join the administration. That's not his style. But I think his attitude has always been if it had to be done he'd prefer me to do it than somebody else. - Clarence Thomas
The Senator from Massachusetts has given us ample grounds to doubt the judgment and the attitude he brings to bear on vital issues of national security. - Dick Cheney
I perfectly understood President Obama's attitude throughout the French presidential campaign. He had no reason to distance himself from Nicolas Sarkozy. It's the basic solidarity that leaders who worked together owe to each other. - Francois Hollande
I think it has something to do with being British. We don't take ourselves as seriously as some other countries do. I think a lot of people take themselves far too seriously I find that a very tedious attitude. - Joan Collins
I failed the LSAT. Basically, if I had not failed, I'd have been a lawyer and there would be no Spanx. I think failure is nothing more than life's way of nudging you that you are off course. My attitude to failure is not attached to outcome, but in not trying. It is liberating. - Sara Blakely
My attitude to writing is like when you do wallpapering, you remember where all the little bits are that don't meet. And then your friends say: It's terrific! - Harrison Birtwistle
Liberalism is a really old British tradition and it has a completely different attitude towards the individual and the relationship between the individual and the state than the collectivist response of Labour, and particularly Old Labour, does. - Nick Clegg
I've always had a 'Work hard, play hard' attitude to life - I still do - but sometimes you get involved in something that needs a calm, methodical approach. - Damian Lewis
I've always considered myself to be fiercely patriotic. I love Britain - its history and the down-to-earth attitude people have. - Gary Numan
There is a brief moment when all there is in a man's mind and soul and spirit is reflected through his eyes, his hands, his attitude. This is the moment to record. - Yousuf Karsh
I was fortunate to play for Pete Rose and have teammates like Ken Griffey Sr., Tony Perez and Dave Concepcion. I grew up in the game with a mature attitude. I've always known it was better to be seen and not heard. - Eric Davis
I've never been out with any of the cast of Coronation Street. We're all very close friends so it's very much a professional attitude. - Richard Fleeshman
Nothing. We're all friends and friendly. So when the cameras go down, depending on the mood or the nature of the material we're dealing with, there's usually a kind of a prevailing light attitude that's floating around. - Richard Dean Anderson
I will keep smiling, be positive and never give up! I will give 100 percent each time I play. These are always my goals and my attitude. - Yani Tseng
I'm taking a bit of a wait-and-see attitude towards 3D. - Christopher Nolan
My father instilled in me the attitude of prevailing. If there's a challenge, go for it. If there's a wall to break down, break it down. - Donny Osmond
Just as the left has to be more willing to question 'Government knows best,' the right has to rethink its laissez-faire attitude toward government. - Jack Kemp
The attitude of insolent haughtiness is characteristic of the relationships Americans form with what is alien to them, with others. - Jose Saramago
Although as a sailor I despised politics - for I loved my sailor's life and still love it today - conditions forced me to take up a definite attitude towards political problems. - Fritz Sauckel
How do you nurture a positive attitude when all the statistics say you're a dead man? You go to work. - Patrick Swayze
The pilot looked at his cues of attitude and speed and orientation and so on and responded as he would from the same cues in an airplane, but there was no way it flew the same. The simulators had showed us that. - Alan Shepard
It was my father who instilled the 'never say no' attitude I carry around with me today, and who instilled in me a sense of wonder, always taking us on adventures in the car, never telling us the destination. - Marlee Matlin
I went to England in the '70s, and I was in my early 20s. There was still a residue of that era of being an underclass or colonial. I assume it must have been a more aggressive and prominent attitude 40 years before that, because Australia internationally wasn't regarded as having much cultural value. We were a country full of sheep and convicts. - Geoffrey Rush
For a writer only one form of patriotism exists: his attitude toward language. - Joseph Brodsky
Gardening is not trivial. If you believe that it is, closely examine why you feel that way. You may discover that this attitude has been forced upon you by mass media and the crass culture it creates and maintains. The fact is, gardening is just the opposite - it is, or should be, a central, basic expression of human life. - Andrew Weil
Becoming an author changes your attitude too. Once you see where books come from, and how they're made, they never seem quite as sacred again. - Lev Grossman
I was bringing my attitude as a regular person 'cause this is my attitude. - Glenn Danzig
If you can attribute your success entirely to your own mental effort, to your own attitude, to some spiritual essence that you have that is better than other people's, then that must feel pretty good. - Barbara Ehrenreich
I fell in love with Erica Kane the summer before my freshman year of high school. Like all red-blooded teen American boys, I'd come home from water polo practice and eat a box of Entenmann's Pop'Ems donut holes in front of the TV while obsessively fawning over 'All My Children' and Erica, her clothes, and her narcissistic attitude. - Andy Cohen
Films for TV have to be much closer to the book, mainly because the objective with a TV movie that translates literature is to get the audience, after seeing this version, to pick up the book and read it themselves. My attitude is that TV can never really be any form of art, because it serves audience expectations. - Michael Haneke
You can't beat the beehive for glam punkette attitude. - Rob Sheffield
I haven't seen Clones, which has been during this period when I haven't seen much of anything, but I did see Phantom Menace, and see my feelings about it - see, first of all, I think that when you make a lot of movies, your attitude about the movies changes. - Lawrence Kasdan
My attitude is always one of sensuality, aggressive enthusiasm and a kind of outrageousness in my expression. - Sally Kirkland
Epic poetry exhibits life in some great symbolic attitude. It cannot strictly be said to symbolize life itself, but always some manner of life. - Lascelles Abercrombie
When you retire, it's a place in life, a part of the journey. You just don't quit work you develop an attitude where you can do what you please. - Tom T. Hall
When a parent shows up with an attitude of entitlement, understand that under it is a boatload of anxiety. - Robert Evans
What reader wants to be told what attitude to strike? - Ian Mcewan
My denial and irresponsible attitude about asthma put me at great risk and caused me so much needless suffering. My hope is that the kids I talk to learn to open up about their asthma, become educated about their condition, and seek help. - Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Woman must have her freedom, the fundamental freedom of choosing whether or not she will be a mother and how many children she will have. Regardless of what man's attitude may be, that problem is hers - and before it can be his, it is hers alone. - Margaret Sanger
Even as a little child, I've always had that comedian kind of attitude. - Etta James
I mean, the shoe - there is a music to it, there is attitude, there is sound, it's a movement. Clothes - it's a different story. There are a million things I'd rather do before designing clothes: directing, landscaping. - Christian Louboutin
In just the same way the thousands of successive positions of a runner are contracted into one sole symbolic attitude, which our eye perceives, which art reproduces, and which becomes for everyone the image of a man who runs. - Henri Bergson
In the late '70s, maybe just before I started, there was still an attitude that if you did film you didn't do TV and vice versa, but that's gone now. - Robert Carlyle
I cannot say that the attitude of the United Nations always is for the Israeli attitude. Israel, I think, has been under severe attacks by members of the United Nations many times. - Ariel Sharon
I love her attitude, but as much as I'd like to bring my medals to a speech or appearance, I never do. - Mary Lou Retton
We must advertise to U.S. business that we are there, that our attitude has changed, and that we care. When we are asked to help, we have to perform and provide the right advice. - Lawrence Eagleburger
The American attitude towards efficiency and execution should always underlie architecture. - Helmut Jahn
I have such an extreme attitude about work, where I can just completely be derelict of my responsibilities and then when I am not derelict, I am completely indulged in it. I swing pretty wildly from the two extremes. - Geddy Lee
I have a political attitude, but I'm certainly not a politician. - Kgalema Motlanthe
I think my attitude to human beings has changed since leaving prison. - Jeffrey Archer
I went to the Performing Arts School and studied classical ballet. That attitude is something that's put into your head. You are never thin enough. - Carmen Electra
I have always detested any departure from reality, an attitude which I relate to my mother's poor mental health. - Jean Piaget
With just about every player in Australia, his whole goal and ambition is to play for Australia. That's why they're playing first class cricket. It's just a different attitude. - Shane Warne
Right after 'Raymond' I had a world-is-my-oyster attitude, but I found out I don't like oysters. I had this existential emptiness. 'What is my purpose? Who am I?' I had a big identity crisis. - Ray Romano
What sculptors do is represent the essence of gesture. What is important in mime is attitude. - Marcel Marceau
It really was hand-to-mouth and you can say, 'Poor little me, how dreadful, what a deprived childhood', but I didn't feel that way at all. It's all about the attitude at home. - Carol Vorderman
Having a clear faith, based on the creed of the church is often labeled today as fundamentalism. Whereas relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and swept along by every wind of teaching, look like the only attitude acceptable to today's standards. - Joseph Ratzinger
You know what's funny to me? Attitude. - Don Rickles
The characteristic political attitude of today is not one of positive belief, but of despair. - Herbert Read
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude. - Charles Revson
Mainly what I learned from Buddy... was an attitude. He loved music, and he taught me that it shouldn't have any barriers to it. - Waylon Jennings
I think fun is an important part of the entertainment industry, and it should be. Anybody who's not incorporating some of that into their work needs to take a break, go away, and have an attitude adjustment. - Diane Lane
I have played on many teams throughout my career, and I know when a team has the tools, and the right positive attitude towards winning. - Boomer Esiason
Vampires are so old that they don't need to impress anyone anymore. They're comfortable in their own skin. It's this enigmatic strength that's very romantic and old-fashioned. I think it goes back to something of a Victorian attitude of finding a strong man who's going to look after his woman. - Stephen Moyer
What I wish I had, is that I wish I was a little more Greek, in that I wish I could lose my North American driven attitude and that I could be a little bit more poetic and laissez faire. - Nia Vardalos
I was always the guy getting kicked out of my classes at school for having an attitude problem. - Chevy Chase
And I tell you, having girls has made me a much better man. I have friends who are fathers, but they only have boys, and they have the same attitude toward women they always had, you know? And I don't play that... My girls, you mess with them? I will bury you underground. - Mark Wahlberg
Style is a reflection of your attitude and your personality. - Shawn Ashmore
If a person can be said to have the wrong attitude, there is no need to pay attention to his arguments. - John McCarthy
The attitude is we live and let live. This is actually an amazing change in values in a rather short time and it's an example of freedom from religion. - Tom Wolfe
Not to discriminate every moment some passionate attitude in those about us, and in the very brilliancy of their gifts some tragic dividing on their ways, is, on this short day of frost and sun, to sleep before evening. - Walter Pater
Players should know that if you can't make the contribution of the winning shot, that your attitude every day when you come to practice, or the positive contribution you make through cheering and keeping up team morale, is just as important in the overall picture. - Sue Wicks
It's not the style that motivates me, as much as an attitude of openness that I have when I go into a project. - Herbie Hancock
The place of chess in the society is closely related to the attitude of young people towards our game. - Boris Spassky
We assume that we've come so far as compassionate citizens of the world if we do choose to read the news, yet the attitude towards life can be one where we put blinders on and forget that there are civil wars going on. It's easy to forget that there are so many people starving to death every single day. - Anne Hathaway
The jokes are great but what really matters for a comedian is his performance, his whole attitude, and the laughs that he gets between the jokes rather than on top of the jokes. - Jack Dee
There were a few teachers who just did not like me because of my face. Once, I was told to stand in the corner until I cheered up. The attitude was, 'Oh, for God's sake, what's the matter with him?' But it's just a natural expression. - Jack Dee
I'm just part of a tradition of people who aren't pleased. I would never think anyone else who has the same attitude was getting it from me. I'd just think they're... sensible. - Jack Dee
The key to life is your attitude. Whether you're single or married or have kids or don't have kids, it's how you look at your life, what you make of it. It's about making the best of your life wherever you are in life. - Candace Bushnell
If you get a diagnosis, get on a therapy, keep a good attitude and keep your sense of humor. - Teri Garr
When a woman puts on a heel, she has a different posture, a different attitude. She really stands up and has a consciousness of her body. - Christian Louboutin
Whenever I'm having a bad day and have an attitude, I stay home. I keep it at home. - Michael Clarke Duncan
You don't have to have an attitude if you're famous. - Adriana Lima
I need that aggressive attitude to play my music and more men have that attitude than women. - Lita Ford
But Jesus changes your attitude towards yourself and towards other people. - Cliff Richard
But I think bands that rolled in with a big attitude, like they were some big deal, I just found that very strange. - Rob Zombie
What irritates me is the bland way people go around saying, 'Oh, our attitude has changed. We don't dislike these people any more.' But by the strangest coincidence, they haven't taken away the injustice the laws are still on the books. - Christopher Isherwood
There is definitely something sexy about a girl with an attitude and a pair of leather pants. - Eliza Dushku
The phenomenon of home schooling is a wonderful example of the American can-do attitude. Growing numbers of parents have become disenchanted with government-run public schools. Many parents have simply taken matters into their own hands, literally. - Steve Forbes
Regardless of what one's attitude towards prohibition may be, temperance is something against which, at a time of war, no reasonable protest can be made. - William Lyon Mackenzie King
At home in Ireland, there's a habit of avoidance, an ironical attitude towards the authority figure. - Seamus Heaney
Even if people do wrong, we're social animals, so what can we do about stopping them doing the same things in future? Saying people are 'bad' or 'evil' is just an unwillingness to engage an unwillingness to try to empathise. That sanctimonious attitude doesn't help anyone. - Denise Mina
People have often asked if I'm gay because I don't go out of my way to spit and scratch and give people attitude. - Jason Bateman
I don't return anybody's calls unless it's going to mean extra money for me. And I've completely cut off all relationships with any friends that I had before the show. And I've copped an attitude. - Mike Judge
A positive attitude is something everyone can work on, and everyone can learn how to employ it. - Joan Lunden
My feelings about my mortality are less selfish than they used to be. I used to affect a cavalier attitude to death now I see it from my son's perspective. - Rufus Sewell
The U.S. tries to provide immigrants who grow up here with a world-class education and imbue them with the can-do attitude that has long defined American innovation. - Gary Locke
The attitude of independence toward a constructed language which all national speakers must adopt is really a great advantage, because it tends to make man see himself as the master of language instead of its obedient servant. - Edward Sapir
I feel like I have as good a shot as anybody out there and I have gotten close in the past, so why not have the attitude that I can come out and play great tennis and maybe even win this tournament. - Michael Chang
Art is the child of Nature yes, her darling child, in whom we trace the features of the mother's face, her aspect and her attitude. - Beck
I just think that people take me a little more seriously as a brunette. I don't know if that's just because of a societal preconceived notion that all blondes are stupid, but it's a different kind of attitude. - Kate Bosworth
I came back to performing with a different attitude about performing and myself. I wasn't expecting perfection any more, just hoping for an occasional inspiration. - Neil Diamond
The purely agitation attitude is not good enough for a detailed consideration of a subject. - Michael Korda
Animals have a much better attitude to life and death than we do. They know when their time has come. We are the ones that suffer when they pass, but it's a healing kind of grief that enables us to deal with other griefs that are not so easy to grab hold of. - Emmylou Harris
Only one thing can conquer war - that attitude of mind which can see nothing in war but destruction and annihilation. - Ludwig von Mises
It's not too good to have this attitude in F1. It could be a disadvantage. - Alain Prost
I just really think every job I do, I get this gypsy attitude to money. - Jessica Brown Findlay
My personal view is that such total planning by the state is an absolute good and not simply a relative good... I do not myself think of the attitude I take as deriving from Marx - though this undoubtedly will be suggested - but from Fichte and Hegel. - John Grierson
There's a punk-rock attitude, clearly, to 'Hated.' There's even a punk-rock attitude to 'The Hangover,' I think. We start the movie with a Glenn Danzig song. - Todd Phillips
The American attitude is 'We're the best'. That's why the NBA guys who come from other countries, the Europeans, all sort of stick together away from the game. - Andrew Bogut
The problem was just a mean attitude that festers and has to be challenged. - Major Owens
I'm not anti-fashion, but I've always had a bit of a punk attitude. That's important, I think. I do my own thing. - Sade Adu
To so enter into it in nature and art that the enjoyed meanings of life may become a part of living is the attitude of aesthetic appreciation. - George H. Mead
The traditional Christian attitude toward human personality was that human nature was essentially good and that it was formed and modified by social pressures and training. - Carroll Quigley
My parents have a strong work ethic, but their attitude to life, their philosophy, is: 'whatever makes you happy.' - Sally Hawkins
Bob Altman had this relaxed but serious attitude. Everybody loved him. I wanted him to adopt me. - Steve Buscemi
The pool is terrible, but that doesn't have much to do with my record swims. That's all mental attitude. - Mark Spitz
Fame can be just so annoying because people are so critical of you. You can't just say, 'hi'. You say hi and people whisper' man did you see the way she said hi? What an attitude. - Juliette Lewis
My dad instilled in me a great sense of humor. I wasn't bullied at school because my outward attitude was confident, and that helps. - Warwick Davis
The attitude and capacity of the factory, the old metal table and the new ideas of the wooden furniture quickly and naturally suggested the possibility of metal furniture. - Donald Judd
You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on the continuing vitality of FORTRAN. - Alan Perlis
Let us change our traditional attitude to the construction of programs. Instead of imagining that our main task is to instruct a computer what to do, let us concentrate rather on explaining to human beings what we want a computer to do. - Donald Knuth
It goes without saying that the Jewish people can have no other goal than Palestine and that, whatever the fate of the proposition may be, our attitude toward the land of our fathers is and shall remain unchangeable. - Theodor Herzl
That attitude toward women as objects may have worked for the late Sixties, but it doesn't do so now. - John Schlesinger
The time I spent thinking about how I was better than somebody else or worrying about somebody else's attitude was time I could put to better use. - Charley Pride
I really believe you can predict when someone has a great attitude, a real well of talent. - Taylor Hackford
It is impossible to exaggerate the wide, and widening, gulf between the American attitude on the Iraq war and the view from our friends across the Atlantic. - Nick Clooney
As a team, you need to come from behind every once in awhile just to do it. Good for the attitude. It makes it exciting. And when everybody knows you have to throw it... that makes it fun too. - Dan Marino
I hope 'The Voice' has a fifteen-year run, don't get me wrong. But I come from nothing, and maybe it's the Irish in me, but my attitude is always like, 'They'll figure me out soon.' - Carson Daly
Time plays a role in almost every decision. And some decisions define your attitude about time. - John Cale
'UFO's' attitude toward the subject is very similar to mine. It's not an advocacy its philosophy is more 'I want to believe this, but I want it proved.' - Dwight Schultz
The music is first and foremost everything - no egos, no attitude, nothing - it's about the music. - Big Boi
But having said that, there's also a sea change in attitude towards media. - Robert McChesney
In the West, you have always associated the Islamic faith 100 percent with Arab culture. This in itself is a fundamentalist attitude and it is mistaken. - Youssou N'Dour
Jazz in itself is not struggling. That is, the music itself is not struggling... It's the attitude that's in trouble. My plays insist that we should not forget or toss away our history. - August Wilson
As the time goes by, you change, your learn new things, your attitude is different. For the moment, I'm still enjoying ski racing so much that it would be difficult for me to think about ending my career. - Hermann Maier
My attitude on skis is different now. I have learned to put less pressure on myself and on the edges of my skis when I'm racing, to be keep myself more under control. - Hermann Maier
Our attitude is that we want to cross over. You can't go on making records just for your own hometown. - Cheryl James
I do not share the half-in, half-out attitude to the EU of some in Britain. Britain's place is in Europe. - Peter Mandelson
I think that the U.S. does have this very much more open attitude, and I admire it very much and I think it's very important to the world. But the information and the discussion sometimes come too late, after the effective decision has been made. - E. P. Thompson
The Stones are a different kind of group. I realized that when I joined them. It's not really so much their musical ability, it's just they have a certain kind of style and attitude which is unique. - Mick Taylor
Even with, or perhaps, because of, this background, I have over the past few years sensed a very dramatic change in attitude on the part of Prince Edward Islanders towards the on-going rush for so-called modernization. - Alex Campbell
If you're looking for can-do, earthy-crunchy attitude then you've got to go to Wisconsin. - Dar Williams
When I was in my 20s it did occur to me that there was something perverted about an attitude that thought that killing somebody was a minor offence compared to kissing somebody. - John McGahern
You can have a laugh in Los Angeles, or you can weep in Los Angeles, depending on your attitude towards it. - Miranda Richardson
People are patronizing the theatres with renewed enthusiasm - there is an entire picnic-like attitude when families go out to see movies, which is a very good sign. They want to see larger-than-life characters on the big screen and not just watch movies on television or on DVDs. - Salman Khan
I just want to go in with the right attitude and from Day 1 make a difference. - Freddy Adu
The theatre only knows what it's doing next week, not like the opera, where they say: What are we going to do in five years' time? A completely different attitude. - Harrison Birtwistle
I'm not a music lover in the sense that I look for something to have on. I've never had that attitude to music. - Harrison Birtwistle
I think one of the things that language poets are very involved with is getting away from conventional ideas of beauty, because those ideas contain a certain attitude toward women, certain attitudes toward sex, certain attitudes toward race, etc. - Diane Wakoski
When you Google me, you'll find a lot of people don't like Richard Dreyfuss. Because I'm cocky and I present a cocky attitude. But no one has ever disagreed with the notion I represent, that we need more civic education. So far there's 100 percent support for that. - Richard Dreyfuss
My mother, she had a very good attitude toward money. I'm very grateful for the fact that we had to learn to save. I used to get like 50 pence a week, and I'd save it for like five months. And then I'd spend it on Christmas presents. I'd save up like eight pounds. It's nothing, but we did that. - Gemma Arterton
Too many people say to their brokers, I can't deal with this. Take my money. Do what you want. That's the worst attitude you can have. - Maria Bartiromo
If philosophy is practice, a demand to know the manner in which its history is to be studied is entailed: a theoretical attitude toward it becomes real only in the living appropriation of its contents from the texts. - Karl Jaspers
I am shocked by the easy attitude of many in the media towards disclosing our Nation's secrets. - Todd Tiahrt
I always give Lindsay so much credit for her tennis game, for her attitude, for her person, and because of how she deals with all the things. I don't think people give her enough credit for how well she's doing. - Martina Hingis
I don't know that I have any role models now that are fixed. Definitely my mom - she's the coolest. She's worked really hard her whole life and I just think she's got a great attitude. Moms just know so much it's so silly. - Larisa Oleynik
It's tricky. I've never been standing at the top of the tree with tons of money thrown at me. I've never really had a profile. So in a way I have this 'nothing to lose' attitude. - Joel Edgerton
Lead singers not only do the majority of the work, but their personalities are singled out and taken as the general attitude of the unit. - Martha Reeves
It's better for me to play with guys because Rock 'n' Roll has such an aggressive attitude. - Lita Ford
I think Nina Simone has had an amazing journey. She was spicy and she had attitude and she didn't care, she wanted her money in a paper bag and don't mess with me and I've been doing some research on that so. - Nia Long
I kind of resent this attitude of men that we somehow must always look good. - Sharon Gless
Bambi can't act. Bambi had major attitude. - Treat Williams
I'm a big fan of Courtney Love. I love Hole and I love her acting and I love her attitude. I just hope I never meet her in a dark alley. - Jeff Ross
I do support a sex-positive attitude for young people. Use condoms, that's important. I love the idea that promiscuity can be healthy but it's got some dodgy crevasses. Ooh, that's a bad reference! But it's got some dangerous cavities there. You know what I'm saying. - Rachael Taylor
The war changed everybody's attitude. We became international almost overnight. - W. Averell Harriman
As I wrote, I found that Aibileen had some things to say that really weren't in her character. She was older, soft-spoken, and she started showing some attitude. - Kathryn Stockett
I like England more than I did when I left. It's become a bit of a better country in the last ten years, in the attitude of it. A bit more Americanized, which is both good and bad. At least when you order a cup of coffee they don't give you a hard time. - Teddy Thompson
What a stupid attitude we have in this country to personal stories. - Amanda Burton
I have a Woody Allen Jewish attitude to life: that it's all going to be disastrous. That it hasn't all been that way is simply down to some random quirk of fate. - Antony Sher
My attitude toward graduate students was different, I must say. I used graduate students as colleagues: I gave them the best problems to work on, and I encouraged them. - Frank Press
Tommie Aaron taught me how to have a good attitude, to be easy going and not get uptight. - Dale Murphy
In aid, the proper attitude is one omitting gratitude. - Marya Mannes
In Scotland over many years we have cultivated through our justice system what I hope can be described as a 'culture of compassion.' On the other hand, there still exists in many parts of the U.S., if not nationally, an attitude towards the concept of justice which can only be described as a 'culture of vengeance.' - Keith O'Brien
Any time I need to get a serious attitude adjustment, I put on one of their records, and there are examples there for all time to keep us honest and keep us reaching they'll never be eclipsed. - Benny Green
I always had the attitude that I wanted to throw a no-hitter every game. - Dennis Eckersley
I like actors that are good with pantomime and that can transmit a lot by their presence and attitude more than through their dialogue. - Guillermo del Toro
Having a child makes you strong and gives you chutzpah. It relaxed my attitude to the job my center of focus shifted, which I think is very helpful, because even if you're not a very indulgent actor you spend a lot of time thinking about yourself. I don't think that is particularly healthy. - Imelda Staunton
I always said punk was an attitude. It was never about having a Mohican haircut or wearing a ripped T-shirt. It was all about destruction, and the creative potential within that. - Malcolm Mclaren
Sid Vicious began the age of participation in which everyone could be the artist. Sid proved that you don't have to play well to be the star. You can play badly, or not even at all. I endorsed that attitude. If you can't write songs, no problem - simply steal one and change it to your taste. - Malcolm Mclaren
Abhorrence of apartheid is a moral attitude, not a policy. - Edward Heath
Every baseball crowd, like every theatre audience, has its own distinctive attitude and atmosphere. - Bill Veeck
Football is my profession now. I'm getting married in August... It's a new experience for me as someone just getting out of college. I still have the same attitude about football I always had. I play hard. I enjoy practice. I'd rather be throwing in passing drills than sitting around and watching TV. - Doug Flutie
The attitude we have towards our personal pets as opposed to the animals that suffer under the factory farm is hypocritical and delusional. - James Cromwell
Certain kinds of speed, flow, intensity, density of attacks, density of interaction... Music that concentrates on those qualities is, I think, easier achieved by free improvisation between people sharing a common attitude, a common language. - Evan Parker
I saw 'Taxi Driver,' and 'Taxi Driver' kind of saved my life. The scene where Robert De Niro is looking at himself in the mirror saying, 'You talkin' to me? You talkin' to me? Who the hell else are you talkin' to?' That's the scene that changed my life by changing my attitude about acting. - Michael Biehn
I've always been a guy who's pretty supportive, its just my nature, so I came in to the situation with the attitude that I wanted to support Johnny and make it work. - Rick Derringer
I thought I was going to be killed. The casualties were so heavy, it was just a given. I learned to take each day, each mission, as it came. That's an attitude I've carried into my professional life. I take each case, each job, as it comes. - Elliot Richardson
What has happened is that to some degree they have taken an attitude where they don't listen to demos of diverse subject matters. They're looking for demos like the record the guy on the left just did. - Grandmaster Flash
Here you do have forests, where pigs could be raised by letting them root about in the forests for a good part of the year. Therefore, you have a different attitude toward them compared with what continues to exist in the Middle East. - Marvin Harris
The attitude of physiological psychology to sensations and feelings, considered as psychical elements, is, naturally, the attitude of psychology at large. - Wilhelm Wundt
This generation... they have a different attitude. Instead of sitting and watching something, they want to be a part of it - they're very hedonistic and sensual. - Steve Wynn
We have become aware of the responsibility for our attitude towards the dark pages in our history. We have understood that bad service is done to the nation by those who are impelling to renounce that past. - Aleksander Kwasniewski
But I do think that we approach music, in of itself, with a religious attitude. - Jon Fishman
I think that generally music should be a positive thing, I like Bob Marley's attitude: he said that his goal in life was to single handedly fight all the evil in the world with nothing but music, and when he went to a place he didn't go to play, he went to conquer. - Jon Fishman
In 1977, at least, he wished to have people believe that he shared and was proud of an attitude toward women that is not acceptable in a politician. In 2003, all he has said is that he doesn't remember the interview. - Michael Kinsley
You'd like more people to recognise what you do is special. But I take the attitude that the best thing I can do for my sport is to be the best at it. The best way people will come to recognise that track and field is a great sport is to see athletes excelling at it. Which is what I intend to do. - Maurice Greene
So at a time in which the media give the public everything it wants and desires, maybe art should adopt a much more aggressive attitude towards the public. I myself am very much inclined to take this position. - Thom Mayne
Modern Orthodoxy has a highly positive attitude toward the State of Israel. Our Ultra-Orthodox brethren recognize only the Holy Land, but not the state. - Norman Lamm
I just try to try to keep an attitude that I don't know what I'm doing. Not to the point where I'm beating myself up, but I just go in thinking that I have a lot to learn. And I hope I still have that attitude 30 years from now. - Tobey Maguire
I'm not going to take this defeatist attitude and listen to all this crap any more from all these people who have nothing except doomsday to predict. - Carroll Shelby
A series of rumors about my attitude, as well as derogatory remarks about myself and my family showed me that the personal resentment of the Detroit general manager toward me would make it impossible for me to continue playing hockey in Detroit. - Ted Lindsay
Before 'Gangnam Style' I was not a good attitude artist. - PSY
Women didn't want to be on the stage with other women because they didn't want their bodies to be compared. They didn't want another female act opening for them because of this weird competitive and tokenistic attitude. - Kathleen Hanna
Listen, whatever makes the movie better. That's the attitude you have to have. - Joseph Kosinski
Reason is an action of the mind knowledge is a possession of the mind but faith is an attitude of the person. It means you are prepared to stake yourself on something being so. - Michael Ramsey
Hardboiled crime fiction came of age in 'Black Mask' magazine during the Twenties and Thirties. Writers like Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler learnt their craft and developed a distinct literary style and attitude toward the modern world. - Charles Frazier
I don't think people are fools, and I think they deserve a good attitude and smart entertainment. - Tatyana Tolstaya
Hollywood's a very weird place. I think there's less of everything except for attitude. - Dean Cain
My agent says that I'm a 'repeat business guy.' If you hire me to come do a movie, I'll be on time, know all my material, be ready to go, have a good attitude. I'm here to work, so I get hired over and over again by the same producers. If you just be a team player on set you can work so much more often. - Dean Cain
What do you mean by faith? Is faith enough for Man? Should he be satisfied with faith alone? Is there no way of finding out the truth? Is the attitude of faith, of believing in something for which there can be no more than philosophic proof, the true mark of a Christian? - Clifford D. Simak
I still have a young attitude. - Pat Morita
Elvis Costello had a brand new bag. He was a musician, but he knew all about the attitude part of it. - Nick Lowe
The world is full of musicians who can play great, and you wouldn't cross the road to see them. It's people who have this indefinable attitude that are the good ones. - Nick Lowe
After working for years in Hollywood where the actors have taken over, it was a real relief to get down there and not only have some children, but also have some actors that had no attitude. - Phillip Noyce
When you are facing the wilderness on your own, you have a totally different attitude to someone who works in government or who has a monthly cheque. - Rick Santelli
If you take the contempt some Americans have for yuppies and multiply it by 10 you might come close to understanding their attitude towards the City, as they call it - London, the people of the south. - Martin C. Smith
If you go on stage with the wrong attitude, or something in your performance is off, you can lose an audience in the first minute. That first minute is crucial. - Allan Carr
We can do better in higher education. And it is more than just technology. It's also an attitude on the part of faculty. We need to think through how we can produce a better quality product at less cost. - Roy Romer
In terms of work I've always had a Bad Attitude in that I won't work anywhere which requires me to work strict hours or follow a dress code. I don't know if that's an Asperger's thing or not, I think it's just being reasonable. - Bram Cohen
Attitude is your acceptance of the natural laws, or your rejection of the natural laws. - Stuart Chase
Look, everything that you experience as a kid is the foundation of how you are today. I was brought up in a working class family in Leeds and when it comes to money both my parents worked hard and instilled the same attitude into me. - Melanie Brown
With my talent, I can make people laugh and give them another attitude about life. What a blessing that is for me. - Doris Roberts
Acting is magical. Change your look and your attitude, and you can be anyone. - Alicia Witt
When I first left university, I thought about going into the private sector. But I discovered when I went to interview that I could only have a career in the back office, or doing HR. The attitude was, 'My dear lady, you cannot possibly think about going on the board.' - Pauline Neville-Jones
It got very tedious saying the same jokes in the same way with the same attitude. - Norm MacDonald
In regard to music, I just think that it's always best to have an attitude of being a perpetual student and always look to learn something new about music, because there's always something new to learn. - David Sanborn
Canadians tend to be a bit more religious than most Europeans - though not more than the Poles or Ukrainians. Most important, their attitude to immigration and ethnic minorities is more positive than that of most Europeans. - Timothy Garton Ash
The townspeople outside the reservations had a very superior attitude toward Indians, which was kind of funny, because they weren't very wealthy they were on the fringes of society themselves. - James Welch
The money is in a different league these days, of course, but I have special memories of the 60s and 70s which players today don't have. There wasn't the same celebrity attitude and media exposure. We had a bit more freedom. - Peter Shilton
My attitude about Hollywood is that I wouldn't walk across the street to pull one of those executives out of the snow if he was bleeding to death. Not unless I was paid for it. None of them ever did me any favors. - James Woods
All ideas come about through some sort of observation. It sparks an attitude some object or emotion causes a reaction in the other person. - Graham Chapman
There are a lot of female artists my age around at the moment, but they're all American and blonde and blue-eyed and smiley. I'm totally the opposite of that. I want to show a bit more attitude and I have an opinion. - Samantha Mumba
I try and have a relaxed attitude and stay quite switched off until about an hour before kick-off. - Roy Keane
I think it has other roots, has to do, in part, with a general anxiety in contemporary life... nuclear bombs, inequality of possibility and chance, inequality of goods allotted to us, a kind of general racist, unjust attitude that is pervasive. - Leonard Baskin
There has been a change in attitude, though. - Daniel Petrie
I want to work with kids and help develop them, show them the right way, the right morals and attitude into how to become a better footballer. Australia has many different cultures but I'd like to bring in the indigenous style, bring their competitiveness, athleticism and raw ability into the frame. - Timothy F. Cahill
There is no planning. On the night it is really great, it's euphoria and if it is not so great there is always tomorrow night. That was his attitude. - Ed McMahon
My grandmother is this amazingly theatrical woman. She acted like a movie star, as far as looks and attitude, kind of like Susan Hayward. - Parker Posey
If I don't make the team out of spring training, I'll keep a good attitude. I'll just go polish up the parts of my game that made me not stay in the big leagues. - Cory Lidle
If a site is done with pleasure and a fun attitude, it's a great way to communicate with your fans. - Christopher Lambert
I know a lot of Eastern Europeans, and because of what they have been through and what they have seen, they have an attitude where they are not easily fooled. - Francine Prose
I always have one or two, sometimes more, Navajo or other tribes' cultural elements in mind when I start a plot. In Thief of Time, I wanted to make readers aware of Navajo attitude toward the dead, respect for burial sites. - Tony Hillerman
In the business world today, failure is apparently not an option. We need to change this attitude toward failure - and celebrate the idea that only by falling on our collective business faces do we learn enough to succeed down the road. - Naveen Jain
I came on to the film with a very happy-go-lucky attitude which I think my character, Charlie, did when she went into the house. I expected it to be good, and then slowly things started to change for us all. - Jennifer Sky
I have the same attitude with work - I like to go to work, I like to work really hard I, like to give everything my all, I like to try things that are new, you know. - Rosie Huntington-Whiteley
There does not seem to be that collegiality I referred to, there seems to be much more of a them versus us attitude, rather than we all have a role to play in this process so let's get on with it. - Len G. Murray
I will not get very far with this attitude. - Nancy Cartwright
Turkey wants a policy of engagement exactly like President Obama's new approach. Policy of engagement, less confrontation, less tense attitude, especially in the region. - Ahmet Davutoglu
I was entirely natural and in many ways I have the same attitude now. I don't mourn the loss of my youth because I believe you should enjoy what you have while you have it. - Koo Stark
Our new attitude is how can we put you in front of our customer. - Terry Semel
Unfortunately, the attitude of many towards the press, humanitarians included and especially government workers, is often one of suspicion, if not outright fear. - Alvin Adams
After the first miscarriage, I tried to take the attitude that it was my body's way of telling me that this pregnancy wasn't meant to be. - Christie Brinkley
Nobody minded what you did in bed or what you said about God, a very civilized attitude in 1948. - Simon Raven
America won the Cold War by protecting our strategic resources from the threat of foreign control. We must bring the same attitude to our trade relationship with China. - Jo Ann Emerson
Our spiritual attitude is determined by our conception of our relation to infinite spirit. - Paul Twitchell
It's really interesting with art-movies too, but art especially - to see how your attitude toward artists and works and your level of appreciation of them is always shifting and changing over the years. - Richard Hell
My opponents attitude is, 'If it moves, tax it, if it keeps moving, regulate it and when it stops, subsidize it. - Rob Simmons
The artist is not responsible to any one. His social role is asocial... his only responsibility consists in an attitude to the work he does. - Georg Baselitz
Somehow, the greater the public opposition to the health care bill, the more determined they seem to force it on us anyway. Their attitude shows Washington at its very worst - the presumption that they know best, and they're going to get their way whether the American people like it or not. - Scott Brown
You know, who cares about seeing the girls when everybody wants to see the band. That's what's important, KISS is important. I think we look great, and the attitude is there, and I'm real happy with it. - Eric Carr
Athletic competition clearly defines the unique power of our attitude. - Bart Starr
I'm going to try to enjoy the All-Star break, hope my players reflect on what happened the first half of the season, come back with a different attitude, try to find our solution on how to win it. - Don Baylor
I won't say there aren't any Harvard graduates who have never asserted a superior attitude. But they have done so to our great embarrassment and in no way represent the Harvard I know. - Derek Bok
Its attitude, which it has preached and practiced, is skepticism. Now, it finds, the public is applying that skepticism to the press. - Thomas Griffith
Each experience through which we pass operates ultimately for our good. This is a correct attitude to adopt and we must be able to see it in that light. - Henry S. Haskins
When I drank, I had a very different attitude towards my playing. It was sloppier but I kind of liked it that way. It was like the alcohol was telling my mind what to do. - Mick Mars
I think we're in good hands. There's definitely much more momentum in bringing in good things to help support the show. Everyone's got a good attitude about it and I think that makes all the difference. - Crystal Chappell
That attitude does not exist so much today, but in those days there was a very sharp distinction between basic physics and applied physics. Columbia did not deal with applied physics. - Gordon Gould
My attitude towards drawing is not necessarily about drawing. It's about making the best kind of image I can make, it's about talking as clearly as I can. - Jim Dine
The attitude of the people proves that not only do we want to, but that we can succeed in pulling our country out of the difficult position it finds itself in. The banking system of our country will survive and grow. - Nicos Anastasiades
Patton was living in the Dark Ages. Soldiers were peasants to him. I didn't like that attitude. - Bill Mauldin
Hence, within the space of two generations there has been a complete revolution in the attitude of the trades-unions toward the women working in their trades. - Florence Kelley
Bader's philosophy was my philosophy. His whole attitude to life was mine. - Kenneth More
Americans have always had an ambivalent attitude toward intelligence. When they feel threatened, they want a lot of it, and when they don't, they regard the whole thing as somewhat immoral. - Vernon A. Walters
We will see that our new attitude toward liquor has been given to us without any thought or effort on our part. It just comes! That is the miracle of it. - William Griffith Wilson
If you eat something and get fat, you should be responsible for it. I think that is the attitude of the great majority of Americans, that you should be responsible for what you eat. - Vic Snyder
My deepest impulses are optimistic, an attitude that seems to me as spiritually necessary and proper as it is intellectually suspect. - Ellen Willis
I also had a mistaken attitude towards certain comrades. - Bela Kun
I film quite a bit of footage, then edit. Changes before your eyes, things you can do and things you can't. My attitude is always 'let it keep rolling.' - Terrence Malick
Global political conditions make a direct American intervention difficult, but President Reagan's messianic and visceral attitude toward the Nicaraguan revolution could mean it will happen as an act of desperation. - Tomas Borge
Muslims have a very bad attitude to homosexuality, they're very intolerant. - Pim Fortuyn
Mental attitude and concentration are the keys to pitching. - Ferguson Jenkins
My first feeling about the paper and the attitude is that it is absurd. - Arthur Holly Compton
A discipline I have observed is an attitude of love and reverence to people. - Bessie Head
The attitude of the actor is his interpretation of what he reads, and the written word is what creates the role in the actor's mind, and I guess in reading the things that were given to me, I reacted as you guys saw me, you know. - Gene Barry
I can't believe the pro-choicers attitude toward unborn children-to me it's the ultimate liberal cause, to defend those without a voice. - Michael Aston
An attitude of philosophic doubt, of suspended judgment, is repugnant to the natural man. Belief is an independent joy to him. - William Minto
Even when I'm playing someone named Fat Amy, I'm all about confidence and attitude. - Rebel Wilson
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. - Confucius
To love beauty is to see light. - Victor Hugo
Beauty is only skin deep. If you go after someone just because she's beautiful but don't have anything to talk about, it's going to get boring fast. You want to look beyond the surface and see if you can have fun or if you have anything in common with this person. - Amanda Peet
A woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of beauty no matter what she wears. - Anne Roiphe
People are like stained - glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within. - Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives. - Albert Einstein
Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand. - Khalil Gibran
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams. - Ashley Smith
A thing of beauty is a joy forever: its loveliness increases it will never pass into nothingness. - John Keats
Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in a mirror. - Khalil Gibran
A beauty is a woman you notice a charmer is one who notices you. - Adlai E. Stevenson
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Flowers... are a proud assertion that a ray of beauty outvalues all the utilities of the world. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
She got her looks from her father. He's a plastic surgeon. - Groucho Marx
Beauty and folly are old companions. - Benjamin Franklin
Rare is the union of beauty and purity. - Juvenal
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference. - Aristotle
Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time. - Albert Camus
The world's biggest power is the youth and beauty of a woman. - Chanakya
Beauty awakens the soul to act. - Dante Alighieri
A witty woman is a treasure a witty beauty is a power. - George Meredith
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy. - Anne Frank
Beauty is a manifestation of secret natural laws, which otherwise would have been hidden from us forever. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Beauty is all very well at first sight but who ever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? - George Bernard Shaw
Beauty has a lot to do with character. - Kevyn Aucoin
There is no definition of beauty, but when you can see someone's spirit coming through, something unexplainable, that's beautiful to me. - Liv Tyler
For me the greatest beauty always lies in the greatest clarity. - Gotthold Ephraim Lessing
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. - Saint Augustine
I define nothing. Not beauty, not patriotism. I take each thing as it is, without prior rules about what it should be. - Bob Dylan
Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder. - Aldous Huxley
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them. - David Hume
I do not have much patience with a thing of beauty that must be explained to be understood. If it does need additional interpretation by someone other than the creator, then I question whether it has fulfilled its purpose. - Charlie Chaplin
I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains. - Anne Frank
Beauty is not caused. It is. - Emily Dickinson
Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror. - Rabindranath Tagore
Beauty is everywhere a welcome guest. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness. - Leo Tolstoy
A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful. - Jacqueline Bisset
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband. - Ambrose Bierce
Dear God! how beauty varies in nature and art. In a woman the flesh must be like marble in a statue the marble must be like flesh. - Victor Hugo
Beauty doesn't need ornaments. Softness can't bear the weight of ornaments. - Munshi Premchand
Beauty is in the heart of the beholder. - H. G. Wells
Let us live for the beauty of our own reality. - Charles Lamb
Every year of my life I grow more convinced that it is wisest and best to fix our attention on the beautiful and the good, and dwell as little as possible on the evil and the false. - Richard Cecil
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting. - Charles Kingsley
Beauty is the promise of happiness. - Edmund Burke
We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure. There is no end to the adventures that we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open. - Jawaharlal Nehru
Imagination disposes of everything it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world. - Blaise Pascal
A women's greatest asset is her beauty. - Alex Comfort
Beauty is indeed a good gift of God but that the good may not think it a great good, God dispenses it even to the wicked. - Saint Augustine
Beauty is power a smile is its sword. - John Ray
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the Infinite. - Francis Bacon
If you look closely at a tree you'll notice it's knots and dead branches, just like our bodies. What we learn is that beauty and imperfection go together wonderfully. - Matthew Fox
Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. - Christopher Morley
Beauty is only temporary, but your mind lasts you a lifetime. - Alicia Machado
Beauty is a fragile gift. - Ovid
Beauty saves. Beauty heals. Beauty motivates. Beauty unites. Beauty returns us to our origins, and here lies the ultimate act of saving, of healing, of overcoming dualism. - Matthew Fox
In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. - Christopher Morley
Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies. - John Donne
I don't need plastic in my body to validate me as a woman. - Courtney Love
I gave my beauty and my youth to men. I am going to give my wisdom and experience to animals. - Brigitte Bardot
The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer. - Joan Collins
In youth and beauty, wisdom is but rare! - Homer
Heat cannot be separated from fire, or beauty from The Eternal. - Dante Alighieri
Having inner beauty is something you develop on your own, and I like to think I have that. - Cindy Margolis
Beauty is less important than quality. - Eugene Ormandy
There is a kind of beauty in imperfection. - Conrad Hall
When virtue and modesty enlighten her charms, the lustre of a beautiful woman is brighter than the stars of heaven, and the influence of her power it is in vain to resist. - Akhenaton
Beauty is variable, ugliness is constant. - Douglas Horton
'Handsome' means many things to many people. If people consider me handsome, I feel flattered - and have my parents to thank for it. Realistically, it doesn't hurt to be good-looking, especially in this business. - Richard Chamberlain
My mother always called me an ugly weed, so I never was aware of anything until I was older. Plain girls should have someone telling them they are beautiful. Sometimes this works miracles. - Hedy Lamarr
Zest is the secret of all beauty. There is no beauty that is attractive without zest. - Christian Dior
Beauty is our weapon against nature by it we make objects, giving them limit, symmetry, proportion. Beauty halts and freezes the melting flux of nature. - Camille Paglia
Beauty is whatever gives joy. - Edna St. Vincent Millay
There is no personal achievement in being born beautiful. - Loretta Young
The love of beauty in its multiple forms is the noblest gift of the human cerebrum. - Alexis Carrel
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away. - Fay Weldon
Some guys say beauty is only skin deep. But when you walk into a party, you don't see somebody's brain. The initial contact has to be the sniffing. - James Caan
We are learning, too, that the love of beauty is one of Nature's greatest healers. - Ellsworth Huntington
I sincerely feel that beauty largely comes from within. - Christy Turlington
There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness. - Maria Mitchell
Even in the centuries which appear to us to be the most monstrous and foolish, the immortal appetite for beauty has always found satisfaction. - Charles Baudelaire
You can only perceive real beauty in a person as they get older. - Anouk Aimee
Inner beauty should be the most important part of improving one's self. - Priscilla Presley
What beauty is, I know not, though it adheres to many things. - Albrecht Durer
Though beauty gives you a weird sense of entitlement, it's rather frightening and threatening to have others ascribe such importance to something you know you're just renting for a while. - Candice Bergen
Things are beautiful if you love them. - Jean Anouilh
The real sin against life is to abuse and destroy beauty, even one's own even more, one's own, for that has been put in our care and we are responsible for its well-being. - Katherine Anne Porter
Real beauty knocks you a little bit off kilter. - David Byrne
Integrity reveals beauty. - Thomas Leonard
If you get simple beauty and naught else, you get about the best thing God invents. - Robert Browning
Goodness is beauty in the best estate. - Christopher Marlowe
Our hearts were drunk with a beauty Our eyes could never see. - George William Russell
Like charity, I believe glamour should begin at home. - Loretta Young
How goodness heightens beauty! - Milan Kundera
Because beauty isn't enough, there must be something more. - Eva Herzigova
Taking joy in living is a woman's best cosmetic. - Rosalind Russell
Without realizing it, the individual composes his life according to the laws of beauty even in times of greatest distress. - Milan Kundera
I can't live without my beauty products. I love to be in my bathroom with my candles lit, morning, noon and night. I like taking hot baths and hot showers, using my body scrubs and lotions. - Traci Bingham
Beauty is one of the rare things which does not lead to doubt of God. - Jean Anouilh
I'd like to grow up and be beautiful. I know it doesn't matter, but it doesn't hurt. - Kirsten Dunst
My dad had this philosophy that if you tell children they're beautiful and wonderful then they believe it, and they will be. So I never thought I was unattractive. But I was never one of the girls at school who had lots of boyfriends. - Emily Mortimer
O human beauty, what a dream art thou, that we should cast our life and hopes away on thee! - Barry Cornwall
When everything else physical and mental seems to diminish, the appreciation of beauty is on the increase. - Bernard Berenson
I was not a good-lookin' girl. I was extremely skinny. I wasn't pretty. I wasn't cool. - Celine Dion
Beauty is only skin deep. - Thomas Overbury
You can't really say what is beautiful about a place, but the image of the place will remain vividly with you. - Tadao Ando
The plainer the dress, the greater luster does beauty appear. - Edward F. Halifax
Real beauty is to be true to oneself. That's what makes me feel good. - Laetitia Casta
It's sad when girls think they don't have anything going on except being pretty. - Keri Russell
There is hope and a kind of beauty in there somewhere, if you look for it. - H. R. Giger
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
The beauty of a woman is not in a facial mode but the true beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul. It is the caring that she lovingly gives the passion that she shows. The beauty of a woman grows with the passing years. - Audrey Hepburn
Our task must be to free ourselves by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and its beauty. - Albert Einstein
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides. - Audrey Hepburn
It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength. - Maya Angelou
When I admire the wonders of a sunset or the beauty of the moon, my soul expands in the worship of the creator. - Mahatma Gandhi
Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth. - Chanakya
The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries or the way she combs her hair. - Audrey Hepburn
Wisdom I know is social. She seeks her fellows. But Beauty is jealous, and illy bears the presence of a rival. - Thomas Jefferson
Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears. - Edgar Allan Poe
There is something terribly morbid in the modern sympathy with pain. One should sympathise with the colour, the beauty, the joy of life. The less said about life's sores the better. - Oscar Wilde
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love. - Khalil Gibran
Love is the beauty of the soul. - Saint Augustine
Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical. - Sophia Loren
Beauty without expression is boring. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Beauty without grace is the hook without the bait. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
We find delight in the beauty and happiness of children that makes the heart too big for the body. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony. - Benjamin Britten
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul. - John Muir
Beauty is an outward gift, which is seldom despised, except by those to whom it has been refused. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
As we grow old, the beauty steals inward. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
A healthful hunger for a great idea is the beauty and blessedness of life. - Jean Ingelow
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring. - Marilyn Monroe
Beauty and femininity are ageless and can't be contrived, and glamour, although the manufacturers won't like this, cannot be manufactured. Not real glamour it's based on femininity. - Marilyn Monroe
When I am working on a problem, I never think about beauty but when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong. - R. Buckminster Fuller
Beauty is a short-lived tyranny. - Socrates
Beauty is the bait which with delight allures man to enlarge his kind. - Socrates
Loneliness adds beauty to life. It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better. - Henry Rollins
The perception of beauty is a moral test. - Henry David Thoreau
For every moment of triumph, for every instance of beauty, many souls must be trampled. - Hunter S. Thompson
Alas! how little does the memory of these human inhabitants enhance the beauty of the landscape! - Henry David Thoreau
Poetry is the rhythmical creation of beauty in words. - Edgar Allan Poe
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. - Rumi
Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love. - George Bernard Shaw
Beauty is a short-lived tyranny. - George Bernard Shaw
'Beauty is truth, truth beauty,' - that is all ye know on earth, and all ye need to know. - John Keats
It is not sufficient to see and to know the beauty of a work. We must feel and be affected by it. - Voltaire
Beauty is mysterious as well as terrible. God and devil are fighting there, and the battlefield is the heart of man. - Fyodor Dostoevsky
Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention. - Deepak Chopra
Anything in any way beautiful derives its beauty from itself and asks nothing beyond itself. Praise is no part of it, for nothing is made worse or better by praise. - Marcus Aurelius
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom. - Friedrich Schiller
I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the rhythmical creation of Beauty. - Edgar Allan Poe
I am a thing of beauty. - Frank Sinatra
The beauty, the poetry of the fear in their eyes. I didn't mind going to jail for, what, five, six hours? It was absolutely worth it. - Johnny Depp
Character contributes to beauty. It fortifies a woman as her youth fades. A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude, and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful. - Jacqueline Bisset
Far away there in the sunshine are my highest aspirations. I may not reach them, but I can look up and see their beauty, believe in them, and try to follow where they lead. - Louisa May Alcott
It is not so much for its beauty that the forest makes a claim upon men's hearts, as for that subtle something, that quality of air that emanation from old trees, that so wonderfully changes and renews a weary spirit. - Robert Louis Stevenson
By plucking her petals, you do not gather the beauty of the flower. - Rabindranath Tagore
Beauty is the greatest seducer of man. - Paulo Coelho
I think permitting the game to become too physical takes away a little bit of the beauty. - John Wooden
Be sure what you want and be sure about yourself. Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong. - Adriana Lima
A lot of us grow up and we grow out of the literal interpretation that we get when we're children, but we bear the scars all our life. Whether they're scars of beauty or scars of ugliness, it's pretty much in the eye of the beholder. - Stephen King
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library? - Lily Tomlin
Everyone has their own insecurities, regardless of how you look or how people perceive you, but sometimes people give their insecurities too much power. Defining beauty is simply a matter of opinion. For me, real beauty has very little to do with the structure of someone's face or body. - Devon Aoki
Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old. - Franz Kafka
It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous. - Aldous Huxley
It's not beauty but fine qualities, my girl, that keep a husband. - Euripides
What would be ugly in a garden constitutes beauty in a mountain. - Victor Hugo
Do you know the difference between a beautiful woman and a charming one? A beauty is a woman you notice, a charmer is one who notices you. - Adlai E. Stevenson
Art is not the application of a canon of beauty but what the instinct and the brain can conceive beyond any canon. When we love a woman we don't start measuring her limbs. - Pablo Picasso
I'm just glad I was able to return to some of that innocence and beauty I had as a child when I started my own family, and my children brought me back some of that spirit. - Angelina Jolie
Great perils have this beauty, that they bring to light the fraternity of strangers. - Victor Hugo
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty. - Pablo Neruda
The ideal and the beautiful are identical the ideal corresponds to the idea, and beauty to form hence idea and substance are cognate. - Victor Hugo
Whatever you may look like, marry a man your own age - as your beauty fades, so will his eyesight. - Phyllis Diller
What a man does for pay is of little significance. What he is, as a sensitive instrument responsive to the world's beauty, is everything! - H. P. Lovecraft
Celibacy is not just a matter of not having sex. It is a way of admiring a person for their humanity, maybe even for their beauty. - Timothy Radcliffe
The beauty is that through disappointment you can gain clarity, and with clarity comes conviction and true originality. - Conan O'Brien
Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty. - John Ruskin
Secrecy is the element of all goodness even virtue, even beauty is mysterious. - Thomas Carlyle
Art can never exist without naked beauty displayed. - William Blake
Exuberance is beauty. - William Blake
It's a good thing that beauty is only skin deep, or I'd be rotten to the core. - Phyllis Diller
Sexiness wears thin after a while and beauty fades, but to be married to a man who makes you laugh every day, ah, now that's a real treat. - Joanne Woodward
Photography records the gamut of feelings written on the human face, the beauty of the earth and skies that man has inherited, and the wealth and confusion man has created. It is a major force in explaining man to man. - Edward Steichen
Most sets of values would give rise to universes that, although they might be very beautiful, would contain no one able to wonder at that beauty. - Stephen Hawking
Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
There are no better cosmetics than a severe temperance and purity, modesty and humility, a gracious temper and calmness of spirit and there is no true beauty without the signatures of these graces in the very countenance. - Arthur Helps
Beauty is an ecstasy it is as simple as hunger. There is really nothing to be said about it. It is like the perfume of a rose: you can smell it and that is all. - W. Somerset Maugham
I can barely conceive of a type of beauty in which there is no Melancholy. - Charles Baudelaire
That which you create in beauty and goodness and truth lives on for all time to come. Don't spend your life accumulating material objects that will only turn to dust and ashes. - Denis Waitley
A person however learned and qualified in his life's work in whom gratitude is absent, is devoid of that beauty of character which makes personality fragrant. - Hazrat Inayat Khan
Facts which at first seem improbable will, even on scant explanation, drop the cloak which has hidden them and stand forth in naked and simple beauty. - Galileo Galilei
Beauty in distress is much the most affecting beauty. - Edmund Burke
The beauty of independence, departure, actions that rely on themselves. - Walt Whitman
Beauty makes idiots sad and wise men merry. - George Jean Nathan
Look up, laugh loud, talk big, keep the color in your cheek and the fire in your eye, adorn your person, maintain your health, your beauty and your animal spirits. - William Hazlitt
Should you shield the canyons from the windstorms you would never see the true beauty of their carvings. - Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express. - Francis Bacon
When I say that human beings are just gene machines, one shouldn't put too much emphasis on the word 'just.' There is a very great deal of complication, and indeed beauty in being a gene machine. - Richard Dawkins
It is the addition of strangeness to beauty that constitutes the romantic character in art. - Walter Hagen
Beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone. - Redd Foxx
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder. - Kinky Friedman
Teach us that wealth is not elegance, that profusion is not magnificence, that splendor is not beauty. - Benjamin Disraeli
I also became close to nature, and am now able to appreciate the beauty with which this world is endowed. - James Dean
In marriage do thou be wise: prefer the person before money, virtue before beauty, the mind before the body then thou hast a wife, a friend, a companion, a second self. - William Penn
That's one of the nice things. I mean, part of the beauty of me is that I'm very rich. So if I need $600 million, I can put $600 million myself. That's a huge advantage. I must tell you, that's a huge advantage over the other candidates. - Donald Trump
At fifteen, beauty and talent do not exist there can only be promise of the coming woman. - Honore de Balzac
Children, dear and loving children, can alone console a woman for the loss of her beauty. - Honore de Balzac
If in my youth I had realized that the sustaining splendour of beauty of with which I was in love would one day flood back into my heart, there to ignite a flame that would torture me without end, how gladly would I have put out the light in my eyes. - Michelangelo
A day spent without the sight or sound of beauty, the contemplation of mystery, or the search of truth or perfection is a poverty-stricken day and a succession of such days is fatal to human life. - Lewis Mumford
At some point in life the world's beauty becomes enough. You don't need to photograph, paint or even remember it. It is enough. - Toni Morrison
Light, God's eldest daughter, is a principal beauty in a building. - Thomas Fuller
Beauty is about perception, not about make-up. I think the beginning of all beauty is knowing and liking oneself. You can't put on make-up, or dress yourself, or do you hair with any sort of fun or joy if you're doing it from a position of correction. - Kevyn Aucoin
That's why I began doing makeup in the first place: I was hoping that through helping people see the beauty in themselves, I could try and find it in me. - Kevyn Aucoin
Beauty is only skin deep. I think what's really important is finding a balance of mind, body and spirit. - Jennifer Lopez
When I tried to play something and screwed up, I'd hear some other note that would come into play. Then I started trying different things to find the beauty in it. - Dimebag Darrell
The most common error made in matters of appearance is the belief that one should disdain the superficial and let the true beauty of one's soul shine through. If there are places on your body where this is a possibility, you are not attractive - you are leaking. - Charles Lamb
The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture. - Salvador Dali
O, thou art fairer than the evening air clad in the beauty of a thousand stars. - Christopher Marlowe
Through loyalty to the past, our mind refuses to realize that tomorrow's joy is possible only if today's makes way for it that each wave owes the beauty of its line only to the withdrawal of the preceding one. - Andre Gide
There is no excellent beauty that hath not some strangeness in the proportion. - Francis Bacon
Although beauty may be in the eye of the beholder, the feeling of being beautiful exists solely in the mind of the beheld. - Martha Beck
Beauty, to me, is about being comfortable in your own skin. That, or a kick-ass red lipstick. - Gwyneth Paltrow
The human mind is capable of excitement without the application of gross and violent stimulants and he must have a very faint perception of its beauty and dignity who does not know this. - William Wordsworth
Beauty deprived of its proper foils and adjuncts ceases to be enjoyed as beauty, just as light deprived of all shadows ceases to be enjoyed as light. - John Ruskin
The kind of beauty I want most is the hard-to-get kind that comes from within - strength, courage, dignity. - Ruby Dee
Beauty for some provides escape, who gain a happiness in eyeing the gorgeous buttocks of the ape or Autumn sunsets exquisitely dying. - Langston Hughes
To give pain is the tyranny to make happy, the true empire of beauty. - Samuel Butler
The beauty of the world, which is so soon to perish, has two edges, one of laughter, one of anguish, cutting the heart asunder. - Virginia Woolf
Every beauty which is seen here by persons of perception resembles more than anything else that celestial source from which we all are come. - Michelangelo
Beauty always promises, but never gives anything. - Simone Weil
To look almost pretty is an acquisition of higher delight to a girl who has been looking plain for the first fifteen years of her life than a beauty from her cradle can ever receive. - Jane Austen
Poets say science takes away from the beauty of the stars - mere globs of gas atoms. I, too, can see the stars on a desert night, and feel them. But do I see less or more? - Richard P. Feynman
We especially need imagination in science. It is not all mathematics, nor all logic, but it is somewhat beauty and poetry. - Maria Montessori
The architect should strive continually to simplify the ensemble of the rooms should then be carefully considered that comfort and utility may go hand in hand with beauty. - Frank Lloyd Wright
It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance... and I know of no substitute whatever for the force and beauty of its process. - Henry James
It is dangerous for mortal beauty, or terrestrial virtue, to be examined by too strong a light. The torch of Truth shows much that we cannot, and all that we would not, see. - Samuel Johnson
Poetry is something to make us wiser and better, by continually revealing those types of beauty and truth, which God has set in all men's souls. - James Russell Lowell
I don't like people who have never fallen or stumbled. Their virtue is lifeless and it isn't of much value. Life hasn't revealed its beauty to them. - Boris Pasternak
Taught from infancy that beauty is woman's sceptre, the mind shapes itself to the body, and roaming round its gilt cage, only seeks to adorn its prison. - Mary Wollstonecraft
I tell myself that God gave my children many gifts - spirit, beauty, intelligence, the capacity to make friends and to inspire respect. There was only one gift he held back - length of life. - Rose Kennedy
Humanism was not wrong in thinking that truth, beauty, liberty, and equality are of infinite value, but in thinking that man can get them for himself without grace. - Simone Weil
Don't get me wrong, I admire elegance and have an appreciation of the finer things in life. But to me, beauty lies in simplicity. - Mark Hyman
Beauty is the disinterested one, without which the ancient world refused to understand itself, a word which both imperceptibly and yet unmistakably has bid farewell to our new world, a world of interests, leaving it to its own avarice and sadness. - Hans Urs von Balthasar
Courtesy is a silver lining around the dark clouds of civilization it is the best part of refinement and in many ways, an art of heroic beauty in the vast gallery of man's cruelty and baseness. - Bryant H. McGill
An artist is an artist only because of his exquisite sense of beauty, a sense which shows him intoxicating pleasures, but which at the same time implies and contains an equally exquisite sense of all deformities and all disproportion. - Charles Baudelaire
San Francisco is a mad city - inhabited for the most part by perfectly insane people whose women are of a remarkable beauty. - Rudyard Kipling
Beauty is also submitted to the taste of time, so a beautiful woman from the Belle Epoch is not exactly the perfect beauty of today, so beauty is something that changes with time. - Karl Lagerfeld
A whopping 89 percent of buyers start their home search online. How your house looks online is the modern equivalent of 'curb appeal.' Rent a wide-angle lens and good lighting, get rid of your clutter and post at least eight great photos to win the beauty contest. - Barbara Corcoran
Sex and beauty are inseparable, like life and consciousness. And the intelligence which goes with sex and beauty, and arises out of sex and beauty, is intuition. - David Herbert Lawrence
There's a beauty to wisdom and experience that cannot be faked. It's impossible to be mature without having lived. - Amy Grant
Praise or blame has but a momentary effect on the man whose love of beauty in the abstract makes him a severe critic on his own works. - John Keats
Youth is happy because it has the ability to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old. - Franz Kafka
It would be difficult for me not to conclude that the most perfect type of masculine beauty is Satan, as portrayed by Milton. - Charles Baudelaire
I am little concerned with beauty or perfection. I don't care for the great centuries. All I care about is life, struggle, intensity. - Emile Zola
Nonsense and beauty have close connections. - E. M. Forster
Beauty ought to look a little surprised: it is the emotion that best suits her face. The beauty who does not look surprised, who accepts her position as her due - she reminds us too much of a prima donna. - E. M. Forster
If we do not permit the earth to produce beauty and joy, it will in the end not produce food, either. - Joseph Wood Krutch
I don't want to be perfect, but I do want to be a role model. My mom always tells me that imperfections equal beauty. All of us are imperfect. - Miley Cyrus
To me, teamwork is the beauty of our sport, where you have five acting as one. You become selfless. - Mike Krzyzewski
I decided that if I could paint that flower in a huge scale, you could not ignore its beauty. - Georgia O'Keeffe
What the imagination seizes as beauty must be truth. - John Keats
With a great poet the sense of Beauty overcomes every other consideration, or rather obliterates all consideration. - John Keats
In chess one cannot control everything. Sometimes a game takes an unexpected turn, in which beauty begins to emerge. Both players are always instrumental in this. - Vladimir Kramnik
No spring nor summer beauty hath such grace as I have seen in one autumnal face. - John Donne
I believe that children are our future. Teach them well and let them lead the way. Show them all the beauty they possess inside. - Whitney Houston
The lover knows much more about absolute good and universal beauty than any logician or theologian, unless the latter, too, be lovers in disguise. - George Santayana
It is well known that Beauty does not look with a good grace on the timid advances of Humour. - W. Somerset Maugham
There is certainly no absolute standard of beauty. That precisely is what makes its pursuit so interesting. - John Kenneth Galbraith
There is great beauty in going through life without anxiety or fear. Half our fears are baseless, and the other half discreditable. - Christian Nestell Bovee
Grace in women has more effect than beauty. - William Hazlitt
Old hands soil, it seems, whatever they caress, but they too have their beauty when they are joined in prayer. Young hands were made for caresses and the sheathing of love. It is a pity to make them join too soon. - Andre Gide
There is nothing that makes its way more directly into the soul than beauty. - Joseph Addison
Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses, is in the eye of the beholder. - Laurence J. Peter
People say I'm extravagant because I want to be surrounded by beauty. But tell me, who wants to be surrounded by garbage? - Imelda Marcos
I always say you can never be extravagant with beauty. Beauty is God made real. Beauty is life. - Imelda Marcos
Grace is in garments, in movements, in manners beauty in the nude, and in forms. This is true of bodies but when we speak of feelings, beauty is in their spirituality, and grace in their moderation. - Joseph Joubert
I think everybody can agree that you can hear a certain song and it will put you in a certain mood, and that's just the beauty of music and I am so inspired by that. - Shaun White
Paris is one of the most beautiful places in all the world. Unfortunately, I was so homesick I couldn't appreciate its beauty. - Tyra Banks
The human soul needs actual beauty more than bread. - David Herbert Lawrence
For the man sound of body and serene of mind there is no such thing as bad weather every day has its beauty, and storms which whip the blood do but make it pulse more vigorously. - George Gissing
Who would not give up wit for power and beauty? - Mason Cooley
Enhance and intensify one's vision of that synthesis of truth and beauty which is the highest and deepest reality. - Ovid
The beautiful seems right by force of beauty, and the feeble wrong because of weakness. - Virginia Woolf
What is man's ultimate direction in life? It is to look for love, truth, virtue, and beauty. - Shinichi Suzuki
Beauty is desired in order that it may be befouled not for its own sake, but for the joy brought by the certainty of profaning it. - Tom Stoppard
The moment you cheat for the sake of beauty, you know you're an artist. - David Hockney
A thing is right when it tends to preserve the integrity, stability and beauty of the biotic community. It is wrong when it tends otherwise. - Aldo Leopold
A bad manner spoils everything, even reason and justice a good one supplies everything, gilds a No, sweetens a truth, and adds a touch of beauty to old age itself. - Baltasar Gracian
Beauty is the lover's gift. - William Congreve
There is in true beauty, as in courage, something which narrow souls cannot dare to admire. - William Congreve
A woman can be very beautiful and an ideal model and she will photograph incredibly well, but she'll appear in film and it won't work. What works is some fusion of physical beauty with some mental field or whatever you call it. I don't know. - Oliver Stone
The ideal beauty is a fugitive which is never found. - Joan Rivers
Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future. - Oliver Wendell Holmes
Our scientific age demands that we provide definitions, measurements, and statistics in order to be taken seriously. Yet most of the important things in life cannot be precisely defined or measured. Can we define or measure love, beauty, friendship, or decency, for example? - Dennis Prager
No matter what a woman's appearance may be, it will be used to undermine what she is saying and taken to individualize - as her personal problem - observations she makes about the beauty myth in society. - Naomi Wolf
Vampires have always held a very seductive kind of lore and have always been some variety of attractive, whether it's attractiveness that's born of just the physical attributes that they have - this kind of ethereal beauty or translucent pallor - or whether it is more to do with the way they carry themselves. - Colin Farrell
If you don't die of thirst, there are blessings in the desert. You can be pulled into limitlessness, which we all yearn for, or you can do the beauty of minutiae, the scrimshaw of tiny and precise. The sky is your ocean, and the crystal silence will uplift you like great gospel music, or Neil Young. - Anne Lamott
For what the horse does under compulsion, as Simon also observes, is done without understanding and there is no beauty in it either, any more than if one should whip and spur a dancer. - Xenophon
I might have some character traits that some might see as innocence or naive. That's because I discovered peace and happiness in my soul. And with this knowledge, I also see the beauty of human life. - Tobey Maguire
After all, it is the divinity within that makes the divinity without and I have been more fascinated by a woman of talent and intelligence, though deficient in personal charms, than I have been by the most regular beauty. - Washington Irving
Do not try to push your way through to the front ranks of your profession do not run after distinctions and rewards but do your utmost to find an entry into the world of beauty. - Sydney Smith
All cities are mad: but the madness is gallant. All cities are beautiful: but the beauty is grim. - Christopher Morley
Whether you come from heaven or hell, what does it matter, O Beauty! - Charles Baudelaire
People think that if you look fairly reasonable, you can't possibly act, and as I only care about acting, I think beauty can be a great handicap. - Vivien Leigh
Romance and novel paint beauty in colors more charming than nature, and describe a happiness that humans never taste. How deceptive and destructive are those pictures of consummate bliss! - Oliver Goldsmith
Always think of what is useful and not what is beautiful. Beauty will come of its own accord. - Nikolai Gogol
Beauty, like ice, our footing does betray Who can tread sure on the smooth, slippery way: Pleased with the surface, we glide swiftly on, And see the dangers that we cannot shun. - John Dryden
Filipinos want beauty. I have to look beautiful so that the poor Filipinos will have a star to look at from their slums. - Imelda Marcos
I have been overcome by the beauty and richness of our life together, those early mornings setting out, those evenings gleaming with rivers and lakes below us, still holding the last light. - Anne Morrow Lindbergh
I was always reading those beauty magazines and wanting to become this unattainable thing. - Jennifer Aniston
I love Rauschenberg. I love that he created a turning point in visual history, that he redefined the idea of beauty, that he combined painting, sculpture, photography, and everyday life with such gall, and that he was interested in, as he put it, 'the ability to conceive failure as progress.' - Jerry Saltz
Abstraction brings the world into more complex, variable relations it can extract beauty, alternative topographies, ugliness, and intense actualities from seeming nothingness. - Jerry Saltz
In such ugly times, the only true protest is beauty. - Phil Ochs
During the 80s and 90s, we all became consumed with ourselves. In the 21st century, we've come back to simpler times. People are struggling economically and this has forced them to scale back the material aspects of their lives and realise the beauty of finding the simple joy in being with the people we love. - Julia Roberts
Beauty attracts us men but if, like an armed magnet it is pointed, beside, with gold and silver, it attracts with tenfold power. - Jean Paul
So much has been said and sung of beautiful young girls, why doesn't somebody wake up to the beauty of old women. - Harriet Beecher Stowe
In LA, where I live, it's all about perfectionism. Beauty is now defined by your bones sticking out of your decolletage. For that to be the standard is really perilous for women. - Alanis Morissette
Beauty is now defined by your bones sticking out of your decolletage. For that to be the standard is really perilous for women. - Alanis Morissette
Beauty will be convulsive or will not be at all. - Andre Breton
The pleasure we derive from the representation of the present is due, not only to the beauty it can be clothed in, but also to its essential quality of being the present. - Charles Baudelaire
This is the beauty of the Qur'an: it asks you to reflect and reason, and not to worship the sun or moon but the One who has created everything. The Qur'an asks man to reflect upon the sun and moon and God's creation in general. - Cat Stevens
Poetry lifts the veil from the hidden beauty of the world, and makes familiar objects be as if they were not familiar. - Percy Bysshe Shelley
Obscenity, which is ever blasphemy against the divine beauty in life, is a monster for which the corruption of society forever brings forth new food, which it devours in secret. - Percy Bysshe Shelley
Everybody know, I don't do no promoting. I don't ever have to promote nothing, that's the beauty of Lil Wayne. - Lil Wayne
Whenever, at a party, I have been in the mood to study fools, I have always looked for a great beauty: they always gather round her like flies around a fruit stall. - Jean Paul
The first show I ever did, singing and dancing, was 'Beauty and the Beast.' I was playing Gaston. Gaston has red tights, knee high boots, and it's very physical. I had headaches every day for two months. - Hugh Jackman
A bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty and a boy forever. - Helen Rowland
Beauty and brains, pleasure and usability - they should go hand in hand. - Donald Norman
Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that's beautiful. - Rashida Jones
The key to education is the experience of beauty. - Friedrich Schiller
Blues and soul and jazz music has so much pain, so much beauty of raw emotion and passion. - Christina Aguilera
Today I see beauty everywhere I go, in every face I see, in every single soul. - Kevyn Aucoin
Aging has a wonderful beauty and we should have respect for that. - Eartha Kitt
There are as many kinds of beauty as there are habitual ways of seeking happiness. - Charles Baudelaire
The study of beauty is a duel in which the artist cries with terror before being defeated. - Charles Baudelaire
Beauty is the sole ambition, the exclusive goal of Taste. - Charles Baudelaire
Swift speedy time, feathered with flying hours, Dissolves the beauty of the fairest brow. - Lord Chesterfield
Beauty is that which is simultaneously attractive and sublime. - Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel
I slept and dreamt that life was beauty I woke and found that life was duty. - George Byron
It's not some great work of beauty and love to be a rock-and-roll singer. - Robert Plant
The absence of flaw in beauty is itself a flaw. - Havelock Ellis
The true beauty of music is that it connects people. It carries a message, and we, the musicians, are the messengers. - Roy Ayers
Walk on a rainbow trail walk on a trail of song, and all about you will be beauty. There is a way out of every dark mist, over a rainbow trail. - Robert Motherwell
I have always known what I wanted, and that was beauty... in every form. - Joan Crawford
Liturgy is like a strong tree whose beauty is derived from the continuous renewal of its leaves, but whose strength comes from the old trunk, with solid roots in the ground. - Pope Paul VI
Beauty is merciless. You do not look at it, it looks at you and does not forgive. - Nikos Kazantzakis
People often say that 'beauty is in the eye of the beholder,' and I say that the most liberating thing about beauty is realizing that you are the beholder. This empowers us to find beauty in places where others have not dared to look, including inside ourselves. - Salma Hayek
Beauty opened all the doors it got me things I didn't even know I wanted, and things I certainly didn't deserve. - Janice Dickinson
Soon I realized that if beauty equalled forgiveness, I was never going to be forgiven. - Kevyn Aucoin
By its very nature the beautiful is isolated from everything else. From beauty no road leads to reality. - Hannah Arendt
For all of nature's wonder and beauty, it is also hostile and unpredictable. - Liam Neeson
Beauty, whether moral or natural, is felt, more properly than perceived. - David Hume
Accuracy is, in every case, advantageous to beauty, and just reasoning to delicate sentiment. In vain would we exalt the one by depreciating the other. - David Hume
Filipinos don't wallow in what is miserable and ugly. They recycle the bad into things of beauty. - Imelda Marcos
Depression opens the door to beauty of some kind. - James Hillman
Somehow a bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty and a boy forever. - Helen Rowland
Beauty is not something you can count on. Usually, when people say you are beautiful, it is when there is a harmony between the inside and the outside. - Emmanuelle Beart
Pay attention to the beauty surrounding you. - Anne Lamott
I'm not ugly, but my beauty is a total creation. - Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
The beauty one can find in art is one of the pitifully few real and lasting products of human endeavor. - Paul Getty
Only when inspired to go beyond consciousness by some extraordinary insight does beauty manifest unexpectedly. - Arthur Erickson
I think exercise tests us in so many ways, our skills, our hearts, our ability to bounce back after setbacks. This is the inner beauty of sports and competition, and it can serve us all well as adult athletes. - Peggy Fleming
Ugliness is in a way superior to beauty because it lasts. - Serge Gainsbourg
I've never had any illusions about being a lead actor in films, because lead actors have to be of a certain kind. Apart from the beauty of looks and figure, which I cannot claim to have, there's just a particular kind of ordinary-Joe quality that a film star needs to have. - Stephen Fry
Let me tell you something - being thought of as a beautiful woman has spared me nothing in life. No heartache, no trouble. Love has been difficult. Beauty is essentially meaningless and it is always transitory. - Halle Berry
Beauty when unadorned is adorned the most. - St. Jerome
The 1990s, after the reign of terror of academic vandalism, will be a decade of restoration: restoration of meaning, value, beauty, pleasure, and emotion to art and restoration of art to its audience. - Camille Paglia
I believe that history has shape, order, and meaning that exceptional men, as much as economic forces, produce change and that passe abstractions like beauty, nobility, and greatness have a shifting but continuing validity. - Camille Paglia
Younger women have no problem in reconciling beauty with ambitions as a professional woman. - Camille Paglia
It seems like the chaos of this world is accelerating, but so is the beauty in the consciousness of more and more people. - Anthony Kiedis
I'm tired of all this nonsense about beauty being skin deep. That's deep enough. What do you want, an adorable pancreas? - Jean Kerr
Sometimes the beauty is easy. Sometimes you don't have to try at all. Sometimes you can hear the wind blow in a handshake. Sometimes there's poetry written right on the bathroom wall. - Ani DiFranco
A horse is a thing of beauty... none will tire of looking at him as long as he displays himself in his splendor. - Xenophon
I wasn't afraid of getting old, because I was never a great beauty. - Shirley MacLaine
Beauty is but the sensible image of the Infinite. Like truth and justice it lives within us like virtue and the moral law it is a companion of the soul. - George Bancroft
What matters poverty? What matters anything to him who is enamoured of our art? Does he not carry in himself every joy and every beauty? - Sarah Bernhardt
The pain passes, but the beauty remains. - Auguste Renoir
I always find beauty in things that are odd and imperfect - they are much more interesting. - Marc Jacobs
There is no racial or ethnic involvement in Thanksgiving, and people who may be very distant from the Christian system can see the beauty and the positive spirit that comes from the holiday. - John Clayton
But the gravest difficulty, and perhaps the most important, in poetry meant solely for recitation, is the difficulty of achieving verbal beauty, or rather of making verbal beauty tell. - Lascelles Abercrombie
You fall into my arms. You are the good gift of destruction's path, When life sickens more than disease. And boldness is the root of beauty. Which draws us together. - Boris Pasternak
Beyond the beauty, the sex, the titillation, the surface, there is a human being. And that has to emerge. - Jeanne Moreau
Most women are dissatisfied with their appearance - it's the stuff that fuels the beauty and fashion industries. - Annie Lennox
When I look at the majority of my own songs they really came from my own sense of personal confusion or need to express some pain or beauty - they were coming from a universal and personal place. - Annie Lennox
I mean, no one asks beauty secrets of me, or 'What size do you wear?' or 'Who's your couturier?' They ask me about really deep things and I love that. - Shirley MacLaine
Beauty is grace and confidence. I've learned to accept and appreciate what nature gave me. - Lindsay Lohan
I would rather be adorned by beauty of character than jewels. Jewels are the gift of fortune, while character comes from within. - Plautus
The truth, the absolute truth, is that the chief beauty for the theatre consists in fine bodily proportions. - Sarah Bernhardt
The human face is the organic seat of beauty. It is the register of value in development, a record of Experience, whose legitimate office is to perfect the life, a legible language to those who will study it, of the majestic mistress, the soul. - Eliza Farnham
It seems to me that the natural world is the greatest source of excitement the greatest source of visual beauty the greatest source of intellectual interest. It is the greatest source of so much in life that makes life worth living. - David Attenborough
Beauty is only skin deep, but it's a valuable asset if you're poor or haven't any sense. - Vernon Howard
There is little premium in poetry in a world that thinks of Pound and Whitman as a weight and a sampler, not an Ezra, a Walt, a thing of beauty, a joy forever. - Anna Quindlen
Death is the mother of Beauty hence from her, alone, shall come fulfillment to our dreams and our desires. - Wallace Stevens
The fame that goes with wealth and beauty is fleeting and fragile intellectual superiority is a possession glorious and eternal. - Sallust
I didn't appreciate the young woman that I was, or my young beauty, because I was so obsessed with the fact that I felt fat. It's never good to add to anybody else's suffering. It's an important topic to really get the gravity and the importance of - dealing with dignity. - Margaret Cho
A lot of punk rock is not going to be in the mainstream. It's below the radar. The beauty of it is that you're not supposed to always know. It's subterranean. - Billie Joe Armstrong
It's such a diversion to be constantly thinking of better ways I can teach people math that my hunger is for that really, for new ways of translating the beauty of it. - Danica McKellar
My beauty secret is absolutely no sun. - Vivienne Westwood
Standards of beauty are arbitrary. Body shame exists only to the extent that our physiques don't match our own beliefs about how we should look. - Martha Beck
Because, if one is writing novels today, concentrating on the beauty of the prose is right up there with concentrating on your semi-colons, for wasted effort. - Neil Gaiman
As soon as beauty is sought not from religion and love, but for pleasure, it degrades the seeker. - Annie Dillard
Beauty is an outward gift which is seldom despised, except by those to whom it has been refused. - Edward Gibbon
Beauty is often worse than wine intoxicating both the holder and beholder. - John Zimmerman
All the freaky people make the beauty of the world. - Michael Franti
I like to embrace natural beauty. I try to get at least 8 hours of sleep, drinking a lot of water and exercising. - Tia Mowry
I find beauty in the grotesque, like most artists. - Alexander McQueen
The past itself, as historical change continues to accelerate, has become the most surreal of subjects - making it possible... to see a new beauty in what is vanishing. - Susan Sontag
It is shallow people who think beauty is frivolous or excessive. If you are bringing beauty and god, you are enriching the country. Rice feeds the body, books feed the mind, beauty feeds the soul. It is one thing I can really be proud of and stand tall in the world. - Imelda Marcos
The only rich person is a person who is rich in spirit. I have no money deposit. I have only beauty deposit. - Imelda Marcos
Jordan has a strange, haunting beauty and a sense of timelessness. Dotted with the ruins of empires once great, it is the last resort of yesterday in the world of tomorrow. I love every inch of it. - King Hussein I
I am a great lover of art, in many forms: paintings, objets, textiles. I don't have the talent for painting, but I have a very good sense of colour, a love of visual beauty. - Jacqueline Bisset
Beauty is nature's brag, and must be shown in courts, at feasts, and high solemnities, where most may wonder at the workmanship. - John Milton
I pretty much borrow my entire beauty regime from my mom. - Rashida Jones
Ads featuring real women and real beauty are such a necessary component to offset the potentially dangerous programming out there for little girls. - Rashida Jones
The beauty of 'spacing' children many years apart lies in the fact that parents have time to learn the mistakes that were made with the older ones - which permits them to make exactly the opposite mistakes with the younger ones. - Sydney J. Harris
Strength of character may be learned at work, but beauty of character is learned at home. - Henry Drummond
I am still a victim of chess. It has all the beauty of art - and much more. It cannot be commercialized. Chess is much purer than art in its social position. - Marcel Duchamp
I do not know which to prefer, The beauty of inflections, Or the beauty of innuendoes, The blackbird whistling, Or just after. - Wallace Stevens
Beauty and the devil are the same thing. - Robert Mapplethorpe
You can take no credit for beauty at sixteen. But if you are beautiful at sixty, it will be your soul's own doing. - Marie Stopes
Often, the roles I'm offered in England are melancholic women who are filled with regret for the past, regret for their fading beauty. - Kristin Scott Thomas
I am not fighting for success, just to get more beauty out of myself and share it with more people. - Ben Okri
Lila can't be a model until she's at least 21. She is already a mini-me - it is scary. She already has her own beauty kit. - Kate Moss
I would warn you that I do not attribute to nature either beauty or deformity, order or confusion. Only in relation to our imagination can things be called beautiful or ugly, well-ordered or confused. - Baruch Spinoza
I'm really proud of myself because I've pared my beauty regimen down to a cream blush and berry-tinted lip balm, which has saved me so much time. - Katherine Heigl
Wealth, beauty, and fame are transient. When those are gone, little is left except the need to be useful. - Gene Tierney
Italian men do appreciate beautiful women. They're not afraid of the beauty, which is nice. - Eva Herzigova
I want, of course, peace, grace, and beauty. How do you do that? You work for it. - Studs Terkel
Bracketing has turned all my experiences, remembered and present, into a gallery of miracles where I wander around dazzled by the beauty of events I cannot explain. - Martha Beck
Design is not making beauty, beauty emerges from selection, affinities, integration, love. - Louis Kahn
Beauty is a relation, and the apprehension of it a comparison. - Gerard Manley Hopkins
We come in many different shapes and sizes, and we need to support each other and our differences. Our beauty is in our differences. - Carre Otis
Her beauty didn't do her any good and she couldn't use it in any positive way or manipulative way. I just hope that people will look and see and believe in that hope of love, that hope of freedom, even if it was just for a limited time. - Diane Kruger
My everyday beauty routine is always rushed and pretty simple. - Cate Blanchett
Well, I've never looked upon myself as being a beauty, per se. - Cate Blanchett
After a decade this glum, we deserved a shot of 'Glee,' a show that restored our faith in the power of song, the beauty of dance, and the magic of 'spirit fingers' to chase our cares and woes into somebody else's backyard. - James Wolcott
Do not confuse beauty with beautiful. Beautiful is a human judgment. Beauty is All. The difference is everything. - Matthew Fox
Beauty is composed of an eternal, invariable element whose quantity is extremely difficult to determine, and a relative element which might be, either by turns or all at once, period, fashion, moral, passion. - Jean-Luc Godard
Fashion fosters cliches of beauty, but I want to tear them apart. - Miuccia Prada
When you are balanced and when you listen and attend to the needs of your body, mind, and spirit, your natural beauty comes out. - Christy Turlington
In art economy is always beauty. - Henry James
Through Kurt I saw the beauty of minimalism and the importance of music that's stripped down. - Dave Grohl
I trust in nature for the stable laws of beauty and utility. Spring shall plant and autumn garner to the end of time. - Robert Browning
I don't get anything for free. I pay for all my beauty treatments. - Jennifer Lopez
Rarely do great beauty and great virtue dwell together. - Petrarch
I didn't have any confidence in my beauty when I was young. I felt like a character actress, and I still do. - Meryl Streep
I really admire a woman for her intelligence, her personality. Beauty is not enough. - Roberto Cavalli
I write for no other purpose than to add to the beauty that now belongs to me. I write a book for no other reason than to add three or four hundred acres to my magnificent estate. - Jack London
They saw me, those reckless seekers of beauty, and in a night I was famous. - Lillie Langtry
Beauty is not just physical. - Halle Berry
Beauty and fullness of tone can be achieved by having the whole orchestra play with high clarinets and a carefully selected number of piccolos. - Gustav Mahler
I think the beauty of working with young people is they remind you of the spirit of acting and it's just a big play. - Eric Bana
I am obsessed with beauty. I want everything to be perfect, and of course it isn't. And that's a tough place to be because you're never satisfied. - Robert Mapplethorpe
The beautiful seems right by force of beauty and the feeble wrong because of weakness. - Elizabeth Barrett Browning
I would like to say to people, open your eyes and find beauty where you normally don't expect it. - Jean Paul Gaultier
Art is the unceasing effort to compete with the beauty of flowers - and never succeeding. - Gian Carlo Menotti
Thankfully, beauty is easier to remove than apply, and a swipe of demaquillage in the right direction and you are you once again. - Margaret Cho
Just because you are blind and unable to see my beauty doesn't mean it does not exist. - Margaret Cho
Order is the shape upon which beauty depends. - Pearl S. Buck
For the mind disturbed, the still beauty of dawn is nature's finest balm. - Edwin Way Teale
Women are so unforgiving of themselves. We don't recognize our own beauty because we're too busy comparing ourselves to other people. - Kelly Osbourne
But every great scripture, whether Hebrew, Indian, Persian, or Chinese, apart from its religious value will be found to have some rare and special beauty of its own and in this respect the original Bible stands very high as a monument of sublime poetry and of artistic prose. - Lafcadio Hearn
Part of the beauty of Judaism, and surely this is so for other faiths also, is that it gently restores control over time. Three times a day we stop what we are doing and turn to God in prayer. We recover perspective. We inhale a deep breath of eternity. - Jonathan Sacks
I've actually spent a lot of time researching beauty products, how they are produced and how they are sold. - Lauren Conrad
For I must tell you that we artists cannot tread the path of Beauty without Eros keeping company with us and appointing himself as our guide. - Thomas Mann
Solitude gives birth to the original in us, to beauty unfamiliar and perilous - to poetry. But also, it gives birth to the opposite: to the perverse, the illicit, the absurd. - Thomas Mann
What is sacred among one people may be ridiculous in another and what is despised or rejected by one cultural group, may in a different environment become the cornerstone for a great edifice of strange grandeur and beauty. - Hu Shih
Art is beauty, the perpetual invention of detail, the choice of words, the exquisite care of execution. - Theophile Gautier
I'm not one of those women who thinks beauty is a curse. - Diane Kruger
A lot of directors idealize their leading ladies or turn them into these objects of sexuality and beauty. - Diane Kruger
I like the idea of accessibility, coming from a lower-middle-class background myself, I feel like beauty and products should be accessible to all women over the world. - Diane Kruger
Beauty in art is often nothing but ugliness subdued. - Jean Rostand
What saddens me is the corruption of youth and beauty, and the loss of soul, which is only replaced by money. - Lisa Bonet
When I think of art I think of beauty. Beauty is the mystery of life. It is not in the eye it is in the mind. In our minds there is awareness of perfection. - Agnes Martin
The very definition of 'beauty' is outside. - Adam Carolla
I always loved aesthetics. Not particularly fashion, but an idea of beauty. - Miuccia Prada
Now, I'm not saying I'm fashionable, but there are sociological interests that matter to me, things that are theoretical, political, intellectual and also concerned with vanity and beauty that we all think about but that I try to mix up and translate into fashion. - Miuccia Prada
What sort of sap doesn't know by now that picture-perfect beauty is all done with smoke and mirrors anyway? - Julie Burchill
Shame, like beauty, is often in the eye of the beholder. - Julie Burchill
The truth of the matter is, beauty is a specific thing, rare and fleeting. Some of us have it in our teens, 20s and 30s and then lose it most of us have it not at all. And that's perfectly okay. But lying to yourself that you have it when you don't seems to me simple-minded at best and psychotic at worst. - Julie Burchill
What I find most upsetting about this new all-consuming beauty culture is that the obsession with good looks, and how you can supposedly attain them, is almost entirely female-driven. - Julie Burchill
Surely being a Professional Beauty - let alone an ageing one - is one of the most insecure and doomed careers imaginable. - Julie Burchill
I've always thought of beauty therapy, 'alternative' treatments and the like as the female equivalent of brothels - for essentially self-deceiving people who feel a bit hollow and have to pay to be touched. - Julie Burchill
These women whose antics we smirk at good-naturedly in the pap-traps put themselves out there at least partly on their beauty they are in showbiz, and showing what they've got is part of their business as much as it is for male show-ponies from the Chippendales to George Clooney. - Julie Burchill
Natural beauty takes at least two hours in front of a mirror. - Pamela Anderson
It is not the beauty of a building you should look at its the construction of the foundation that will stand the test of time. - David Allan Coe
One of the things that people don't realize is that that natural beauty, those recreational forests, they have an economic development impact for the state as well. - Ed Rendell
Endeavour to be faithful, and if there is any beauty in your thought, your style will be beautiful if there is any real emotion to express, the expression will be moving. - George Henry Lewes
Black beauty - he's a dark horse. - Tim Vine
I shall give you hunger, and pain, and sleepless nights. Also beauty, and satisfactions known to few, and glimpses of the heavenly life. None of these you shall have continually, and of their coming and going you shall not be foretold. - Howard Lindsay
People don't associate red hair, pale skin, and freckles with beauty. - Shirley Manson
I still believe that capitalism is too harsh and I believe that, even within that, there is a lot of satisfaction and beauty if you happen to be one of the lucky ones, although that doesn't eradicate the reality of the suffering. It's all true at once, kind of humming and sublime. - George Saunders
Physical beauty is such a strange thing. - Jock Sturges
I was kind of a jock in school. Beauty wasn't something I spent a lot of time on. - Nina Dobrev
I'm very accepting with my age. It's like notches on your belt: experience, wisdom, and a different kind of beauty. There comes a day when you've become comfortable in your skin. - Zoe Saldana
My wife has brought great beauty into my life. And my daughter has brought me nothing but joy. Those qualities were greatly lacking. - Christopher Meloni
My mother never put an emphasis on looks. She let us grow up on our own time line. She never forced any beauty regimen into my world. - Rachel McAdams
It is very necessary to have markers of beauty left in a world seemingly bent on making the most evil ugliness. - Thornton Wilder
Hollywood needs to recognise all shades of African American beauty. - Gabrielle Union
Editing yourself is like an irksome coin toss. You've got to strip yourself of super ego and operate from the id. Maybe I've got my Freud mixed up. It's just hard to trade a beauty shot for the performance with truth and a brightly lit zit. - Vera Farmiga
Beauty is a radiance that originates from within and comes from inner security and strong character. - Jane Seymour
I tried for a while to be an agricultural worker and was hopelessly bored. To me it was meaningless. I would stand around in heaps of manure and sings about the beauty of the work I wasn't doing. - Theodore Bikel
I tried for a while to be an agricultural worker and was hopelessly bored. I would stand around in heaps of manure and sing about the beauty of the work I wasn't doing. - Theodore Bikel
Art requires philosophy, just as philosophy requires art. Otherwise, what would become of beauty? - Paul Gauguin
I really like where Tony Robbins says that we're all hypnotized to see beauty this one specific way, and it's true. - Gwyneth Paltrow
Beauty fades! I just turned 29, so I probably don't have that many good years left in me. - Gwyneth Paltrow
Beauty, to me is about being comfortable in your own skin. - Gwyneth Paltrow
You can't possibly fathom the ins and outs of a prepubescent beauty treatment until you've felt the strange but exhilarating tingle of a cottage-cheese-and-Pop-Rocks facial. - Sloane Crosley
As Ralph's character begins to discover the political thriller aspect of the film, he falls deeper in love with his wife, so the two run together. That's the beauty of this film. It has fast pace and excitement, but it also has heart and soul. - Rachel Weisz
Beauty can come in strange forms. - James Dyson
And I think of that again as I've written in several of my beauty books, a lot of health comes from the proper eating habits, which are something that - you know, I come from a generation that wasn't - didn't have a lot of food. - Joan Collins
Well I've written four beauty books as well. - Joan Collins
Bologna is the best city in Italy for food and has the least number of tourists. With its medieval beauty, it has it all. - Mario Batali
I think we have become obsessed with beauty and personally I'm really saddened by the way women mutilate their faces today in search of that. - Halle Berry
Beauty, more than bitterness, makes the heart break. - Sara Teasdale
I thought to be feminine was to give in to straight culture, or the beauty standard, but in my heart I had a flair for fashion and style. They were passions I kept secret because I didn't understand I could love clothes and hair and makeup and still like girls. - Beth Ditto
Thanks to capitalism, the importance placed on beauty has never been so manipulated. We are the guinea pigs force-fed ads that tell us how pathetic we are: that we will never be loved, happy or valuable unless we have the body, the face, the hair, even the personality that will apparently be ours, if only we buy their products. - Beth Ditto
She gave up beauty in her tender youth, gave all her hope and joy and pleasant ways she covered up her eyes lest they should gaze on vanity, and chose the bitter truth. - Christina Rossetti
I really like to be able to have variety and to try different things - that's the beauty of fashion. - Leighton Meester
Beauty is first and foremost an emotion. - Tahar Ben Jelloun
It's the beauty and curse of doing a daily show. Some days you've got nothing to talk about and other days Dick Cheney shoots his lawyer in the face and everyone is happy. - Craig Ferguson
The beauty that addresses itself to the eyes is only the spell of the moment the eye of the body is not always that of the soul. - George Sand
The trick of this thing and the beauty of this thing is that it's a cowboy movie first and then stuff happens. Even after stuff happens it doesn't change - it hasn't suddenly changed into another kind of movie. It's still a cowboy movie. And that's what's incredible about it because nobody has done that before, that's new territory. - Harrison Ford
With guys I revere, like Marcus Garvey or Malcolm X, their look is less about style than purpose and the expression of beauty. It wasn't just about being noticed, you know? - Mos Def
Who knows better than artists how much ugliness there is on the way to beauty, how many ghastly, mortifying missteps, how many days of granitic blockheadedness and dismaying ineptitude there is on the way to accomplishment, how partial all accomplishment is, how incomplete? - Tony Kushner
Every man who has shown the world the way to beauty, to true culture, has been a rebel, a 'universal' without patriotism, without home, who has found his people everywhere. - Chaim Potok
I discovered that the horse is life itself, a metaphor but also an example of life's mystery and unpredictability, of life's generosity and beauty, a worthy object of repeated and ever changing contemplation. - Jane Smiley
Beauty comes from a life well lived. If you've lived well, your smile lines are in the right places, and your frown lines aren't too bad, what more do you need? - Jennifer Garner
My mother is a big believer in being responsible for your own happiness. She always talked about finding joy in small moments and insisted that we stop and take in the beauty of an ordinary day. When I stop the car to make my kids really see a sunset, I hear my mother's voice and smile. - Jennifer Garner
The way in which mathematicians and physicists and historians talk is quite different, and what a physicist means by physical intuition and what a mathematician means by beauty or elegance are things worth thinking about. - Clifford Geertz
I know it sounds a bit corny, but I do think that beauty and sexiness come from within. - Rachel Stevens
I love the game, it's the greatest game on earth, that's why I can't understand all of this talk about trying to make the game better. People talk about the high strike zone and changing this and that. Why? To speed up the game? That's the beauty of baseball. There is no time element. - Eric Davis
Nothing surpasses the beauty and elegance of a bad idea. - Craig Bruce
Beauty is as relative as light and dark. Thus, there exists no beautiful woman, none at all, because you are never certain that a still far more beautiful woman will not appear and completely shame the supposed beauty of the first. - Paul Klee
Who among us has never looked up into the heavens on a starlit night, lost in wonder at the vastness of space and the beauty of the stars? - Jeb Bush
I am an unconventional beauty. I grew up in a high school where if you didn't have a nose job and money and if you weren't thin, you weren't cool, popular, beautiful. I was always told that I wasn't pretty enough to be on television. - Lea Michele
Our situation today shows that beauty demands for itself at least as much courage and decision as do truth and goodness, and she will not allow herself to be separated and banned from her two sisters without taking them along with herself in an act of mysterious vengeance. - Hans Urs von Balthasar
For me art and chess are closely related, both are forms in which the self finds beauty and expression. - Vladimir Kramnik
But I think it is a serious issue to wonder about the other platonic absolutes of say beauty and morality. - Roger Penrose
I was never an ambitious girl, or even a self-confident one. I never went in for beauty pageants or wore a stitch of make-up until I went to Los Angeles. - Pamela Anderson
What delights us in visible beauty is the invisible. - Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
There is a role and function for beauty in our time. - Tadao Ando
I like the beauty of Faulkner's poetry. But I don't like his themes, not at all. - Manuel Puig
You get more churches burned down in the United States in the last two years than in the last hundred, because of the lack of understanding of culture and diversity and the beauty of it. - Edward James Olmos
You, too, women, cast away all the cowards from your embraces they will give you only cowards for children, and you who are the daughters of the land of beauty must bear children who are noble and brave. - Giuseppe Garibaldi
All my writing is about the recognition that there is no single reality. But the beauty of it is that you nevertheless go on, walking towards utopia, which may not exist, on a bridge which might end before you reach the other side. - Marguerite Young
I thought it might be a good move to get into a beauty contest so I tried for Miss Pennsylvania and won. I think that helped me get noticed, at least by the people of Pennsylvania. - Sharon Stone
The beauty of a strong, lasting commitment is often best understood by men incapable of it. - Murray Kempton
What I like about cities is that everything is king size, the beauty and the ugliness. - Joseph Brodsky
Beauty is a precious trace that eternity causes to appear to us and that it takes away from us. A manifestation of eternity, and a sign of death as well. - Eugene Ionesco
A beautiful bouquet or a long-lasting flowering plant is a traditional gift for women, but I have recommended that both men and women keep fresh flowers in the home for their beauty, fragrance, and the lift they give our spirits. - Andrew Weil
Avon invented the concept of direct marketing and direct selling beauty. And that's still very valid to us. We'll have a firm that will be around for another 114 years as strongly as it was the first 114. - Andrea Jung
A representative is free delivery she's a personal beauty consultant. Some people want that high touch. - Andrea Jung
The game in beauty is changing so much, if your product isn't high tech or can't make a unique performance claim - plump your lips, reduce your lines, look glossy, and stay on for 24 hours - you can't go to market today. I'm not just talking about a $20 lipstick, but a $5 lipstick! - Andrea Jung
There are two ways to worry words. One is hoping for the greatest possible beauty in what is created. The other is to tell the truth. - June Jordan
I think the 1970s will always be the decade for me. Obviously, I grew up in that era, but the beauty standard was touchable, kissable. - Tom Ford
Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door. - George Edward Moore
Grandeur and beauty are so very opposite, that you often diminish the one as you increase the other. Variety is most akin to the latter, simplicity to the former. - William Shenstone
Power and beauty come from a very deep place. - Brooke Burke
Beauty can't amuse you, but brainwork - reading, writing, thinking - can. - Helen Gurley Brown
Wigs have always been a part of my life and have become a staple accessory in my closet. I can remember being a little girl and hearing all the commotion in my house from my mom, aunts and grandmother when picking out their wigs for the day. It was such a good time for them and part of their everyday beauty routine. - Sherri Shepherd
I think we should all be tolerant of each other and embrace each others' strengths and differences and uniqueness and beauty. - Martina McBride
I have girls who are concerned about how they look compared to models or what have you. It's my responsibility to teach them that beauty is more than superficial. - Martina McBride
The beauty about the D-list is that people who are on it probably don't know they are. - Kathy Griffin
I find, in being black, a thing of beauty: a joy a strength a secret cup of gladness. - Ossie Davis
I'm only wanted by directors for the image I give off, and it makes me angry. I always wanted to be an actor and not a beauty pageant winner. - Jude Law
My idea of beauty is somebody that doesn't have to try too much, someone who is effortless and fresh. - Jessica Ennis
The English Bible - a book which, if everything else in our language should perish, would alone suffice to show the whole extent of its beauty and power. - Thomas B. Macaulay
A supermodel needed to be able to be on 'Sports Illustrated,' to be able to walk runways, to be able to do beauty ads, to be on covers. And the girls now can no longer be on covers and be in the ads because your actresses have taken over all the jobs. I don't know what happened, but we want our jobs back. - Kim Alexis
Familiarity is a magician that is cruel to beauty but kind to ugliness. - Ouida
There's a beauty in being part of a band, when there's equality and trust. - Scott Weiland
I learned the truth at seventeen, That love was meant for beauty queens, And high school girls with clear skinned smiles, Who married young and then retired. - Janis Ian
It's nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you. - Victoria Justice
A few years ago I lost 30 pounds, and people still wanted to criticize. And honestly, I'm happy with myself if I'm a little heavier. I realized: 'Why am I trying to conform to someone else's idea of beauty?' I think I'm beautiful either way. - Khloe Kardashian
We have magnificent brains, but we use a great deal of our brilliance to keep ourselves stuck and ignorant, to keep ourselves from not shining. We are so afraid of our beauty and radiance and brilliance because it scared the adults around us when we were children. - Patricia Sun
If I weren't performing, I'd be a beauty editor or a therapist. I love creativity, but I also love to help others. My mother was a hairstylist, and they listen to everyone's problems - like a beauty therapist! - Beyonce Knowles
You don't know what the Chinese expect in the way of beauty. The presentation is just a farce. You come into a room filled with 50 people and they don't talk to you. There's very little interaction. - Helmut Jahn
Los Angeles is like a beauty parlor at the end of the universe. - Emily Mortimer
A special kind of beauty exists which is born in language, of language, and for language. - Gaston Bachelard
Beauty must appeal to the senses, must provide us with immediate enjoyment, must impress us or insinuate itself into us without any effort on our part. - Claude Debussy
The ideal has many names, and beauty is but one of them. - Ninon de L'Enclos
As an inspiration to the author, I do not think the cat can be over-estimated. He suggests so much grace, power, beauty, motion, mysticism. I do not wonder that many writers love cats I am only surprised that all do not. - Carl Van Vechten
I'm proud that today, at 43 years old, I've come to value the aging process and focus on inner rather than outer beauty. - Carre Otis
There's no such thing is aging, but maturing and knowledge. It's beautiful, I call that beauty. - Celine Dion
Not longer loved or fostered by religion, beauty is lifted from its face as a mask, and its absence exposes features on that face which threaten to become incomprehensible to man. - Hans Urs von Balthasar
We no longer dare to believe in beauty and we make of it a mere appearance in order the more easily to dispose of it. - Hans Urs von Balthasar
I believe every chess player senses beauty, when he succeeds in creating situations, which contradict the expectations and the rules, and he succeeds in mastering this situation. - Vladimir Kramnik
The development of beauty in chess never depends on you alone. No matter how much imagination and creativity you invest, you still do not create beauty. Your opponent must react at the same highest level. - Vladimir Kramnik
I really wanted there to be something in my life that I enjoy just for the beauty of it. - Robert Caro
The New York City Ballet is obviously speaking to a whole new generation and bringing it the same wonder and beauty that it brought previous generations. - Robert Caro
Many a genius has been slow of growth. Oaks that flourish for a thousand years do not spring up into beauty like a reed. - George Henry Lewes
Every performance is different. That's the beauty of it. - Van Morrison
My daily beauty regimen is definitely always in the mornings, and at night, always washing my face with a basic cleanser. I also use a moisturizer with SPF to follow up. - Shay Mitchell
We all have to find beauty within us, as opposed to just our exterior. - Shay Mitchell
People tend not to use this word beauty because it's not intellectual - but there has to be an overlap between beauty and intellect. - Tadao Ando
One night I'll be in Los Angeles and it'll be a Latin crowd, and then another night I'll go to Fresno and it'll be an all-black crowd. To me, that's the beauty of the music. - Pitbull
That's the beauty of being a comedian - it's the one job you're allowed to do that. We're lucky. We're really lucky. - Colin Quinn
The difference between Marilyn Monroe and the early Pamela Anderson is not that great. What's amazing is that the taste of American men and international tastes in terms of beauty have essentially stayed the same. Styles change, but our view of beauty stays the same. - Hugh Hefner
I felt Joyce was an influence on my fiction, but in a very general way, as a kind of inspiration and a model for the beauty of language. - Don DeLillo
The beauty of having a producer is that you have someone who says, You're finished. - Sheryl Crow
Comics are so full of amazing work. And I can't look at a drawing of a woman without thinking of, for instance, Wallace Wood and his amazing way of capturing beauty. - Frank Miller
I cannot go to Montreal without going to Beauty's, my favorite place for breakfast, where I have the Mish-Mash omelet with hot dogs, salami, eggs, green peppers, and onions, and the best banana bread in the world. It's legendary! - Gail Simmons
Beauty set up distance between other people and me. It warped their behavior. - Candice Bergen
People see you as an object, not as a person, and they project a set of expectations onto you. People who don't have it think beauty is a blessing, but actually it sets you apart. - Candice Bergen
A child does not notice the greatness and the beauty of nature and the splendor of God in his works. - Rudolf Otto
Once you go inside and weed through the muck, you will find the real beauty, the truth about yourself. - Lindsay Wagner
I used to wear a lot of red lipstick, and when I got a pimple, I'd cover it up with eyeliner to turn it into a beauty mark. - Selma Blair
I'm flatchested, I'm short, I'm brunette, I have droopy eyes, and so people have a hard time casting me as a 'beauty.' - Selma Blair
Doors open because you're beautiful, but I wouldn't cultivate beauty to the exclusion of brains. - Tia Carrere
Beauty lasts five minutes. Maybe longer if you have a good plastic surgeon. - Tia Carrere
Beauty is produced by the pleasing appearance and good taste of the whole, and by the dimensions of all the parts being duly proportioned to each other. - Marcus V. Pollio
That's the beauty of music. You can take a theme from a Bach sacred chorale and improvise. It doesn't make any difference where the theme comes from the treatment of it can be jazz. - Dave Brubeck
Asian people have a unique way about them and a different sense of beauty. It's exotic to me. I like they way Asians project their feelings. There's a hardness to the culture, but at the same time there's a delicateness. - Paz Vega
This is the artist, then, life's hungry man, the glutton of eternity, beauty's miser, glory's slave. - Tom Wolfe
Many attempts have been made by writers on art and poetry to define beauty in the abstract, to express it in the most general terms, to find some universal formula for it. - Walter Pater
Such discussions help us very little to enjoy what has been well done in art or poetry, to discriminate between what is more and what is less excellent in them, or to use words like beauty, excellence, art, poetry, with a more precise meaning than they would otherwise have. - Walter Pater
What is important, then, is not that the critic should possess a correct abstract definition of beauty for the intellect, but a certain kind of temperament, the power of being deeply moved by the presence of beautiful objects. - Walter Pater
One of the most beautiful passages of Rousseau is that in the sixth book of Confessions, where he describes the awakening in him of the literary sense. Of such wisdom, the poetic passion, the desire of beauty, the love of art for its own sake, has most. - Walter Pater
I mean the beauty of being a writer is it's not like being a swimmer. When they were talking about our Olympic swimmers and they'd say, 'Oh she's so old,' and she's all of 25 or something. So the beauty for a writer is that you can keep doing it right into your dotage, and I hope to be able to keep doing it as long as I can get away with it, yeah. - Geraldine Brooks
I had a lot of resentment for a while toward Kim Novak. But I don't mind her anymore. She's okay. We've become friends. I even asked her before this trip for some beauty tips. - Kim Novak
But the beauty of Einstein's equations, for example, is just as real to anyone who's experienced it as the beauty of music. We've learned in the 20th century that the equations that work have inner harmony. - Edward Witten
I think beauty comes from within. If you're happy and look at life in the best way you can, even when there are problems, it can make you beautiful on the outside. - Faith Hill
I think there's a great beauty to having problems. That's one of the ways we learn. - Herbie Hancock
Truth is a thing immortal and perpetual, and it gives to us a beauty that fades not away in time. - Frank Norris
My quick beauty tip is always have a tinted gloss of some kind to give you some color even if you have no makeup on. - Rachel Bilson
I think beauty comes from within, and society paints a ridiculous picture. - Rachel Bilson
My daily beauty regimen consists of washing my face before bed and putting on moisturizer. - Rachel Bilson
My unusual beauty tip is that I often use Vaseline to take my make up off. It works great and is good for sensitive skin. - Rachel Bilson
I envy the sensibility in Europe, appreciating beauty in women as they age. I'm going to go that way. I might dye my gray hair for a bit, but beyond that the buck stops. I'm not having any work done. - Rachel Bilson
You may keep your beauty and your health, unless you destroy them yourself, or discourage them to stay with you, by using them ill. - William Temple
So every creative act strives to attain an absolute status it longs to create a world of beauty to triumph over chaos and convert it to order. - Rowan D. Williams
Oh who can tell the range of joy or set the bounds of beauty? - Sara Teasdale
Music, as many people have said, is the universal language. Of course points are made which make you think about things, but ultimately it makes you feel. And that's why people remember more songs that have meant something during their life than films. They start to define periods in your life, and that's kind of the beauty of it. - Scott Weiland
No single man can be taken as a model for a perfect figure, for no man lives on earth who is endowed with the whole of beauty. - Albrecht Durer
Music, art, theater. I'm just a big fan of beauty. - Jerry Hall
There's a sadness to the human condition that I think music is good for. It gives a counterpoint to the visual beauty, and adds depth to pictures that they wouldn't have if the music wasn't there. - Mike Figgis
The idea that happiness could have a share in beauty would be too much of a good thing. - Walter Benjamin
I remember reminding myself that beauty is an opinion, not a fact. And it has always made me feel better. - Hayden Panettiere
The thought came to me that all one loves in art becomes beautiful. Beauty is nothing but the expression of the fact that something is being loved. Only thus could she be defined. - Robert Musil
I have a real passion for many aspects of home lifestyle and beauty. - Rachel Roy
The more people explore the world, the more they realize in every country there's a different aesthetic. Beauty really is in the eye of the beholder. - Helena Christensen
There will always be a desire for something new, fresh and innovative, as well as a yearning and respect for timeless elegance and beauty. - Helena Christensen
The difference between utility and utility plus beauty is the difference between telephone wires and the spider web. - Edwin Way Teale
I felt I had to share Idaho with my friend from New York because he'd shared New York with me, so I was going to share the beauty of nature with a man who went to museums and clubs late at night. But there was nothing to do where I lived at night. - Mariel Hemingway
Beauty comes from the inside. - Kathy Ireland
The South is very beautiful but its beauty makes one sad because the lives that people live here, and have lived here, are so ugly. - James Baldwin
For me, a page of good prose is where one hears the rain and the noise of battle. It has the power to give grief or universality that lends it a youthful beauty. - John Cheever
After 'Freaks and Geeks,' I dealt with several producers who wanted to cover up all my beauty marks, every single mole on my body. They tried to cover them on my first two episodes of 'Dawson's Creek,' and it just looked ridiculous, so I had to put my foot down. But it's not something I'm insecure about. - Busy Philipps
I recognize in thieves, traitors and murderers, in the ruthless and the cunning, a deep beauty - a sunken beauty. - Jean Genet
As a mom, I don't have much time for beauty. - Idina Menzel
The pattern of a newspaperman's life is like the plot of 'Black Beauty.' Sometimes he finds a kind master who gives him a dry stall and an occasional bran mash in the form of a Christmas bonus, sometimes he falls into the hands of a mean owner who drives him in spite of spavins and expects him to live on potato peelings. - A. J. Liebling
The beauty of doing film is that you construct whatever you do block by block and you can build something that will stay. - Michel Gondry
As a girl, you're supposed to love Sleeping Beauty. I mean, who wants to love Sleeping Beauty when you can be Aladdin? - Ellen Page
I believe it's time that women truly owned their superpowers and used their beauty and strength to change the world around them. - Janelle Monae
Some songs you get. Some songs you may not. And I think that's the beauty of art: to question and to ask, to understand the deeper meaning after two or three or four listenings. - Janelle Monae
I know that I've got big ears and a big forehead and that my hair sticks up. But I'm happy with myself. I'm not necessarily trying to win a beauty pageant here. - Clay Aiken
My theory of characterization is basically this: Put some dirt on a hero, and put some sunshine on the villain, one brush stroke of beauty on the villain. - Justin Cronin
I think the beauty looks I most regret are those I was persuaded into. - Dita Von Teese
Physical beauty isn't so impressive to me. - Dita Von Teese
I love glamour and artificial beauty. I love the idea of artifice and dressing up and makeup and hair. - Dita Von Teese
My beauty icons are women whose images are self-created. - Dita Von Teese
I really believe that beauty comes from health - sensible eating and exercise. - Dita Von Teese
I do not see any beauty in self-restraint. - Mary MacLane
Beauty and the Beast seemed like it all was really brown. The whole thing was just so brown and orange and yellow, like Burger King or something. I don't think I would have liked Beauty and the Beast at any age. - Mike Judge
All things are perceived in the light of charity, and hence under the aspect of beauty for beauty is simply reality seen with the eyes of love. - Evelyn Underhill
Solitude has its own very strange beauty to it. - Liv Tyler
Blanche talks about aging, and why should she be considered poor, because physical beauty is transitory and fading and she has such richness of the soul. I think that speech is so beautiful, and so telling and so true. - Delta Burke
The real message of the Dance opens up the vistas of life to all who have the urge to express beauty with no other instrument than their own bodies, with no apparatus and no dependence on anything other than space. - Ruth St. Denis
I have a desire to create more film, more beauty, more art, more love, but I don't feel desperate. It's not about creating or building a career. - Lisa Bonet
Boxing is my real passion. I can go to ballet, theatre, movies, or other sporting events... and nothing is like the fights to me. I'm excited by the visual beauty of it. A boxer can look so spectacular by doing a good job. - LeRoy Neiman
I needed to be in the bush. There I find solitude and beauty and purity and focus. That's where my heart lies. - Mark Burnett
It's just poetry, beauty and love. How hard can that be to act? - Robin Wright Penn
Never once does 'Snow White' herself look in the mirror so she isn't aware of her beauty or what apparently that does to people. It's really just the queen and the prince that talk about it. - Lily Collins
It is, finally, a word is untimely in three different senses, and bearing it as one's treasure will not win one anyone's favours one rather risks finding oneself outside everyone's camp... Beauty is the word that shall be our first. - Hans Urs von Balthasar
I didn't grow up identifying with beauty. I grew up thinking I could be smart and funny - those are the things I got feedback on. - Lauren Graham
Even if you play perfectly, a fault of your opponent's can destroy the entire beauty of the game. - Vladimir Kramnik
When I speak of the beauty of a game of chess, then naturally this is subjective. Beauty can be found in a very technical, mathematical game for example. That is the beauty of clarity. - Vladimir Kramnik
My mama told me in college, 'I love you, and you're God's child, but natural beauty will only take you so far.' - Robin Roberts
I have learned that acting is not about beauty. - Vincent Cassel
Proportions are what makes the old Greek temples classic in their beauty. They are like huge blocks, from which the air has been literally hewn out between the columns. - Arne Jacobsen
I am thrilled to be able to bring my vision of beauty to others who may be inspired by it. - Carol Alt
I'm still figuring out why people would want to look at me. Maybe it's generic beauty, but it's weird to be valued for something I was born with. - Josie Maran
It's hard to say what drives a three year-old, but I think I had a sense that nature was my solace, and nature was a place in which there was beauty, in which there was order. - Story Musgrave
It's not fair the emphasis put on beauty, or on sexuality. - Rosanna Arquette
Every article on these islands has an almost personal character, which gives this simple life, where all art is unknown, something of the artistic beauty of medieval life. - John Millington Synge
But when I was twelve years old I caught my first strong glimpse of one of the fundamental forces of existence, whose votary I was destined to be for life - namely, Beauty. - Georg Brandes
Nothing can atone for the lack of modesty without which beauty is ungraceful and wit detestable. - Richard Steele
So, we just kind of created our own thing and that's part of the beauty of Athens: is that it's so off the map and there's no way you could ever be the East Village or an L.A. scene or a San Francisco scene, that it just became its own thing. - Michael Stipe
The beauty of voice-over work is that maybe you come in and record once every two weeks for a couple of hours and do a couple episodes a session. It's awesome! You spend an afternoon playing in the booth, and there you have it. It doesn't interfere with much. - Emmanuelle Chriqui
My mom was an aesthetician and she went to beauty school back in the '60s. I just remember watching her do her makeup all the time. She always had her nails done, makeup on - her face was ready to go when she went out. I loved it. - Emmanuelle Chriqui
I grew up in a family where we weren't allowed to talk about beauty or to put any emphasis on physical appearance. - Pam Grier
This whole beauty thing is something I've never comprehended. - Pam Grier
I thought of Paris as a beauty spot on the face of the earth, and of London as a big freckle. - James Weldon Johnson
We tell them that we believe it will be beautiful because that is our specialty, we only create joy and beauty. We have never done a sad work. Through the drawings, we hope a majority will be able to visualize it. - Christo
And for me, the real world involves everything: risk, danger, beauty, energy, all we meet with in the real world. - Christo
Throughout the centuries, man has considered himself beautiful. I rather suppose that man only believes in his own beauty out of pride that he is not really beautiful and he suspects this himself for why does he look on the face of his fellow-man with such scorn? - Isidore Ducasse Lautreamont
Poetry a criticism of life under the conditions fixed for such a criticism by the laws of poetic truth and poetic beauty. - Matthew Arnold
The concept of active cooperation has taken the place of opposition to the new form of government and of dreamy resignation entranced with the beauty of times past. - Gustav Stresemann
We say we want to create beauty, identity, quality, singularity. And yet, maybe in truth these cities that we have are desired. Maybe their very characterlessness provides the best context for living. - Rem Koolhaas
He was afflicted by the thought that where Beauty was, nothing ever ran quite straight, which no doubt, was why so many people looked on it as immoral. - John Galsworthy
Americans worship creativity the way they worship physical beauty - as a way of enjoying elitism without guilt: God did it. - Florence King
I was amazed and upset by the looks I got just walking around the studio... It illuminates the ugliness and the beauty that exists within each of us, and that's what this story represents to me. - Gerard Butler
Beauty is only skin deep, and the world is full of thin skinned people. - Richard Armour
That brings me to Dennis Ritchie. Our collaboration has been a thing of beauty. - Ken Thompson
When you put the interest of a kid on money instead of heart then you're destroying the beauty of our lives and our thought process, which should be about how much responsibilities you carry as an athlete and a citizen. - Alexis Arguello
One of my favorite beauty products is Vincent Longo Water Canvas creamy blush. I have it in every color and I've been using it for 5 years and that's all I put on when I leave the house. It looks so natural I just put a little bit on my cheeks to give them some color. - Alessandra Ambrosio
Everyday life is like programming, I guess. If you love something you can put beauty into it. - Donald Knuth
I'm always suspicious of really beautiful women telling us we shouldn't be worried about beauty. - Susan Estrich
The beauty of a main title is that you establish your main theme and maybe a bit of your secondary theme. You plant the seed that you're going to go water later in the score. And so, having that removed just made it so much more difficult. - Danny Elfman
Beauty seen is never lost, God's colors all are fast. - John Greenleaf Whittier
If the world could remain within a frame like a painting on the wall, I think we'd see the beauty then and stand staring in awe. - Conor Oberst
Unless action is taken soon - unless we can display the same vision of that earlier period - we will lose the treasure of California's open space and environmental beauty. - Adam Schiff
Remember always that the composer's pen is still mightier than the bow of the violinist in you lie all the possibilities of the creation of beauty. - John Philip Sousa
Grand opera is the most powerful of stage appeals and that almost entirely through the beauty of music. - John Philip Sousa
I guess if you take yourself seriously as an artist there starts either the problem or the beauty of doing good artwork. - Bill Griffith
I just wanted to see every single musical I could. The very first one I saw was 'Beauty and the Beast,' the only one I could get tickets for, and then 'Les Miserables' and then 'Chicago.' - America Ferrera
My duty is to try to reach beauty. Cinema is emotion. When you laugh you cry. - Roberto Benigni
The expression of beauty is in direct ratio to the power of conception the artist has acquired. - Gustave Courbet
It is curious how, from time immemorial, man seems to have associated the idea of evil with beauty, shrunk from it with a sort of ghostly fear, while, at the same time drawn to it by force of its hypnotic attraction. - Richard Le Gallienne
The beauty we love is very silent. It smiles softly to itself, but never speaks. - Richard Le Gallienne
We also maintain - again with perfect truth - that mystery is more than half of beauty, the element of strangeness that stirs the senses through the imagination. - Richard Le Gallienne
A woman's beauty is one of her great missions. - Richard Le Gallienne
I've developed into quite a swan. I'm one of those people that will probably look better and better as I get older until I drop dead of beauty. - Rufus Wainwright
I appreciate simplicity, true beauty that lasts over time, and a little wit and eclecticism that make life more fun. - Elliott Erwitt
Beauty has been democratised. No longer the preserve of movie stars and models but available to all. But while the invitation to beauty is welcomed, it has become not so much an option as an imperative. - Susie Orbach
Beauty is the oracle that speaks to us all. - Luis Barragan
The real beauty of it - key to my life was playing key chords on a banjo. For somebody else it may be a golf club that mom and dad put in their hands or a baseball or ballet lessons. Real gift to give to me and put it in writing. - Vince Gill
In the 19th century, you had bourgeois art without politics - an almost frozen idea of what beauty is. - Douglas Sirk
My beauty icon is Angelina Jolie. - Ashley Benson
It's not like I'm sitting at home coming up with some secret beauty plan. - Lara Stone
One of the basic things about a string is that it can vibrate in many different shapes or forms, which gives music its beauty. - Edward Witten
Every one who has a heart, however ignorant of architecture he may be, feels the transcendent beauty and poetry of the mediaeval churches. - Goldwin Smith
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference. - Fanny Brice
We live in a state with a wonderful climate and plenty of natural beauty, from the shores of Cumberland Island to the Chattahoochee River to the Blue Ridge Mountains. - Roy Barnes
I hope that in some way that I can be some sort of beacon of hope, especially because I am not the typical Hollywood beauty. - Octavia Spencer
I was always interested in fashion and beauty. I was fifteen when I was scouted in a flea market. Two years later, I arrived in New York. I was in awe because it was like another planet. - Candice Swanepoel
Latin life is rich with warmth, family values and history. I want to bring that beauty into American homes. - Cristina Saralegui
Being nerdy just means being passionate about something, including everyone - the coolest people on Earth are passionate and therefore nerdy about something whatever it is, whether it's sports, or gaming, or technology, or fashion, or beauty, or food, or whatever. - Zachary Levi
Listening to my regular favourites - Mozart, Beethoven, Brahms and so on - I always feel, quite misguidedly, that nothing can be too bad if such beauty and brilliance exists in the world. - Jane Asher
The reason that the all-American boy prefers beauty to brains is that he can see better than he can think. - Farrah Fawcett
I love my beauty. It's not my fault. - Valentino Garavani
A sculptor wields The chisel, and the stricken marble grows To beauty. - William C. Bryant
My mother is a beauty. - Mary-Louise Parker
Beauty is the result of having been through an experience all the way through to the end - therefore it has a poignancy. Beauty that is singular always comes from following an experience to the point where you can go no further. - Joan Chen
No eyes that have seen beauty ever lose their sight. - Jean Toomer
The world is a crazy, beautiful, ugly complicated place, and it keeps moving on from crisis to strangeness to beauty to weirdness to tragedy. The caravan keeps moving on, and the job of the longform writer or filmmaker or radio broadcaster is to stop - is to pause - and when the caravan goes away, that's when this stuff comes. - David Remnick
Sometimes I think I might not have written 'The Age of Miracles' if I hadn't grown up in California, if I hadn't been exposed to its very particular blend of beauty and disaster, of danger and denial. - Karen Thompson Walker
'Beauty' is a currency system like the gold standard. Like any economy, it is determined by politics, and in the modern age in the West is is the last, best belief system that keeps male dominance intact. - Naomi Wolf
Most urgently, women's identity must be premised upon our 'beauty' so that we will remain vulnerable to outside approval, carrying the vital sensitive organ of self-esteem exposed to the air. - Naomi Wolf
Congress has an obligation to protect our country's natural beauty, embodied in our nation's parks, rivers, and breathtaking landscapes. - Dave Reichert
I'm a drugstore beauty girl, I love going to the drugstore and buying makeup. - Melanie Fiona
I think one of the things that language poets are very involved with is getting away from conventional ideas of beauty, because those ideas contain a certain attitude toward women, certain attitudes toward sex, certain attitudes toward race, etc. - Diane Wakoski
It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance and I know of no substitute whatever for the force and beauty of its process. - Max Eastman
For two thousand years, the Church has guided the development of music, carefully legislating to fuse artistic talent and aesthetic beauty with the demands of the Faith. - Richard Morris
I hold that the perfection of form and beauty is contained in the sum of all men. - Albrecht Durer
I longed to arrest all beauty that came before me, and at length the longing has been satisfied. - Julia Margaret Cameron
The pursuit of beauty is much more dangerous nonsense than the pursuit of truth or goodness, because it affords a stronger temptation to the ego. - Northrop Frye
It's how you look at beauty. Is it only an outward appearance with hair and makeup and a hot body, or is it something deeper than that? - Hilary Swank
I like to dedicate myself wholeheartedly to a cause so that I have more impact. My goal is to shed light on the beauty of the ocean and how important it is for our planet. - Hayden Panettiere
Beauty is everlasting And dust is for a time. - Marianne Moore
Here in L.A. the standard of beauty is kind of ridiculous. I want to be doing this when I'm in my fifties and sixties and this isn't what I'm going to look like. - Rose Byrne
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. - Oliver Platt
But, when the work was finished, the Craftsman kept wishing that there were someone to ponder the plan of so great a work, to love its beauty, and to wonder at its vastness. - Giovanni Pico della Mirandola
My father always taught by telling stories about his experiences. His lessons were about morality and art and what insects and birds and human beings had in common. He told me what it meant to be a man and to be a Black man. He taught me about love and responsibility, about beauty, and how to make gumbo. - Walter Mosley
There is no spot of ground, however arid, bare or ugly, that cannot be tamed into such a state as may give an impression of beauty and delight. - Gertrude Jekyll
What is one to say about June, the time of perfect young summer, the fulfillment of the promise of the earlier months, and with as yet no sign to remind one that its fresh young beauty will ever fade. - Gertrude Jekyll
It used to happen in villages and towns in China that they would have - I guess you'd call them beauty contests - where all of the women of a particular village or town would be seated behind these screens or curtains with only their feet showing. - Lisa See
And often it would be a woman who was in her 70s or 80s who would win the beauty contest, because bound feet never age. - Lisa See
The leading edge in evidence presentation is in science the leading edge in beauty is in high art. - Edward Tufte
Art ought never to be considered except in its relations with its ideal beauty. - Alfred de Vigny
The U.S. states that allow for citizens' initiatives tend to have fewer laws and lower taxes than the ones that don't. But the beauty of the system is that it encourages the spread of best practice. - Daniel Hannan
Are we changing the idea of what beauty is? Let's hope so. I'm not the typical Hollywood beauty. Let's hope we're looking at the insides of people a little more. - Anne Heche
Wit is more necessary than beauty and I think no young woman ugly that has it, and no handsome woman agreeable without it. - William Wycherley
Science shows us truth and beauty and fills each day with a fresh wonder of the exquisite order which governs our world. - Polykarp Kusch
As a busy working mom I'm always pressed for time, so a quick and easy beauty routine is key! - Angela Kinsey
I think that the biggest beauty essential is as simple as a good, full night's sleep. - Angela Kinsey
I always carry lip balm and lipstick. Lipstick is a very important beauty product because I find that lips are the most beautiful feature of anyone's face. - Fan Binbing
It seems that if one is working from the point of view of getting beauty in one's equations, and if one has really a sound insight, one is on a sure line of progress. - Paul Dirac
The beauty of this country and what people participate in is the competitive nature that we allow to exist and the fact is that we are better because we have great competitors. - Lee Scott
A painstaking course in qualitative and quantitative analysis by John Wing gave me an appreciation of the need for, and beauty of, accurate measurement. - Paul D. Boyer
Form follows beauty. - Oscar Niemeyer
For me beauty is valued more than anything - the beauty that is manifest in a curved line or in an act of creativity. - Oscar Niemeyer
My work is not about 'form follows function,' but 'form follows beauty' or, even better, 'form follows feminine.' - Oscar Niemeyer
The beauty of golf, you're in charge out here. - Mike Weir
There is beauty when something works and it works intuitively. - Jonathan Ive
Literature isn't a moral beauty contest. Its power arises from the authority and audacity with which the impersonation is pulled off the belief it inspires is what counts. - Philip Roth
Beauty, the eternal Spouse of the Wisdom of God and Angel of his Presence thru' all creation. - Robert Bridges
Maybe I'm old-fashioned. But I remember the beauty and thrill of being moved by Broadway musicals - particularly the endings of shows. - Marvin Hamlisch
Beauty and the Beast became the first animated feature ever nominated for best picture. - Leonard Maltin
I read 'The Great Gatsby' in high school and was hypnotized by the beauty of the sentences and moved by the story about the irrevocability of lost love. - Tom Perrotta
So as I look at transitioning to the communication platforms of the future, I see that the beauty of Internet protocols is you get the separation of the layers between service and technology. - Michael K. Powell
What breadth, what beauty and power of human nature and development there must be in a woman to get over all the palisades, all the fences, within which she is held captive! - Alexander Herzen
People are craving this great progress in electronics, going after computers, the Internet, etc. It's a giant progress technologically. But they must have a balance of soul, a balance for human beauty. That means art has an important role. - Mstislav Rostropovich
Baalbek is so beautiful. It is the heart of beauty in the Middle East - I want to embrace these people with my music. I will try so hard for them. Their president is a Christian, their prime minister is a Muslim. Music is for everyone. - Mstislav Rostropovich
We had common interests in the beauty of the French language. We both had a tremendous love of jazz. We shared dreams of getting married and having a family, living in the country, leading an idyllic life. - David Amram
Well I do find the beauty in animals. I find beauty everywhere. I find beauty in my garden. - Doris Day
I don't have any beauty shop memories. I remember the barber shop. - Jenifer Lewis
We didn't have a beauty shop as I grew up. - Jenifer Lewis
There's a difference between beauty and charm. A beautiful woman is one I notice. A charming woman is one who notices me. - John Erskine
As for everything else, so for a mathematical theory: beauty can be perceived but not explained. - Arthur Cayley
One must learn, if one is to see the beauty in Japan, to like an extraordinarily restrained and delicate loveliness. - Miriam Beard
Talent, like beauty, to be pardoned, must be obscure and unostentatious. - Marguerite Gardiner
And at five o'clock in the morning we left to drive to Old Tucson, and I sat with my mouth open in the van. I was stunned by the beauty of that country. - Erika Slezak
Part of the beauty of the show in a way is that he's not perfect, but you can always count on him to do the right thing in a pinch. That's why he inspires people and inspires me. - Stephen Collins
The very women who object to the morals of a notoriously beautiful actress, grow big with pride when an admirer suggests their marked resemblance to this stage beauty in physique. - Minna Antrim
Of course, all of the software I write runs on Linux that's the beauty of standards, and of cross-platform code. I don't have to run your OS, and you don't have to run mine, and we can use the same applications anyway! - Jamie Zawinski
Beauty is being in harmony with what you are. - Peter Nivio Zarlenga
I like to have Chinese furniture in my home as a constant and painful reminder of how much has been destroyed in China. The contrast between the beauty of the past and the ugliness of the modern is nowhere sharper than in China. - Jung Chang
When you are at the bottom, you find beauty in such little things, and goodness in such little gestures. When I compare any struggle today to ones that I may have had in my childhood, there is nothing that can bring me down. - Natalia Vodianova
This is why cup finals are so special because on the day anyone can beat anyone. That's what it's all about and that's why for me the FA Cup and the Carling Cup are the best cups in the world. That's the beauty of the cup. - Ian Rush
I've been on the cover of 'Time' magazine three times, not for my beauty but because what I was doing was newsworthy around the world. I've worked with teams all my life, but I've been nice and I've been kind. - Cheryl Tiegs
I look OK. I look better in person than I do on film, which is bad because it's how I make my living, but I am not a beauty and on balance I am glad. - Felicity Huffman
Beauty can make you powerful in a way that isn't good for you. Being OK is better for the person I have become. - Felicity Huffman
I'm from Canada, and New Zealand feels like you took all the best bits of Canada and squished them onto a tiny island like Hawaii. I was absolutely blown away by the beauty of the South Island. - Evangeline Lilly
Shortly thereafter, some friends encouraged me to try out for the Miss South Carolina World beauty pageant. To my surprise, I won - and was sent to New York City to compete nationally. - Donna Rice
This is so cliche, but my beauty icon would have to be Angelina Jolie. She looks like she wears natural makeup, but she's still beautiful. - Tila Tequila
I think every person has their own identity and beauty. Everyone being different is what is really beautiful. If we were all the same, it would be boring. - Tila Tequila
My sisters and I were fortunate to travel through Asia and Europe at very young ages. We confronted extraordinary beauty in Athens and unspeakable poverty in India. - Mary Chapin Carpenter
Pastry is different from cooking because you have to consider the chemistry, beauty and flavor. It's not just sugar and eggs thrown together. I tell my pastry chefs to be in tune for all of this. You have to be challenged by using secret or unusual ingredients. - Ron Ben-Israel
Beauty is not everything! - Chita Rivera
The beauty comes with the balance. Everyone should find his own balance in his personal as well as his professional life. Once you do so, you will feel and look beautiful. - Karolina Kurkova
In things to be seen at once, much variety makes confusion, another vice of beauty. In things that are not seen at once, and have no respect one to another, great variety is commendable, provided this variety transgress not the rules of optics and geometry. - Christopher Wren
You don't have to save the world, but you can be in the world-that's where the beauty comes from. - Daphne Zuniga
Seek goodness and be goodness. Seek beauty and be beauty. Seek love and be love. - Bryant McGill
I know as an actor there is a certain liberation auditioning for a role that has no beauty requirements. - Mireille Enos
You can muck around with different guitars for certain bits, but you have to have your own sound. That's your benchmark, that's your sound. I also play a Black Beauty. It sounds amazing. - Dan Hawkins
I have to hit the gym. I have beauty appointments. I have to work toward my next job and maintaining my image, just like an athlete. - Linda Evangelista
The beauty of 'The Walking Dead' and the beauty of being on a television show for a while, is that, it's your backstory, it's part of what you are, it's what you carry with you every day. - Laurie Holden
We need a balanced, long term energy policy to reduce our dependence on foreign oil and preserve the beauty of the land we love. - Heather Wilson
Find beauty not only in the thing itself but in the pattern of the shadows, the light and dark which that thing provides. - Junichiro Tanizaki
When the soul looks out of its body, it should see only beauty in its path. These are the sights we must hold in mind, in order to move to a higher place. - Yusef Lateef
The sport of horse racing which, at its best, showcases the majestic beauty of this animal and the athleticism of jockeys, has reached an alarming level of corruption and exploitation. - Tom Udall
We were astonished by the beauty and refinement of the art displayed by the objects surpassing all we could have imagined - the impression was overwhelming. - Howard Carter
The beauty of jazz is that it's malleable. People are addressing it to suit their own personalities. - Pat Metheny
Beauty is but a flower, which wrinkles will devour. - Thomas Nash
I live by the philosophy that beauty starts from within, and I make a conscious effort to fill my body with nutrients through the food I eat. - Miranda Kerr
Everyone has a different beauty and different qualities and I think that women need to learn to love their qualities and be comfortable in the fact that everyone is different. - Miranda Kerr
The beauty of a face is not a separate quality but a relation or proportion of qualities to each other. - George H. Mead
Truth isn't always beauty, but the hunger for it is. - Nadine Gordimer
I don't believe in one ideal beauty. - Zac Posen
I have a talent for happiness. I look with the eyes of a painter, and I see beauty. - Sylvia Kristel
I just want to continue to break barriers and to show the industry and the world that beauty is diverse, and you don't have to be a certain stereotype to be beautiful. - Joan Smalls
I believe that true beauty of chess is more than enough to satisfy all possible demands. - Alexander Alekhine
Oh! this opponent, this collaborator against your will, whose notion of beauty always differs from yours and whose means are often too limited for active assistance to your intentions! - Alexander Alekhine
The beauty of it is when you can just show up and hit the notes. - John Lone
I just try to play music from my heart and bring as much beauty as I can to as many people as I can. Just give them other alternatives, especially people who aren't exposed to creative music. - Charlie Haden
We're here to bring beauty to the world and make a difference in this planet. That's what art forms are about. - Charlie Haden
I'd like to make really important movies, like American Beauty. I was really proud to be a part of that movie. - Allison Janney
Even in decline, a virtuous man increases the beauty of his behavior. A burning stick, though turned to the ground, has its flame drawn upwards. - Saskya Pandita
Knowing who the actors were as you were designing them helped, with Catherine's beauty and Renee's frailty, they directed me visually just by who they were. - Colleen Atwood
The arts, quite simply, nourish the soul. They sustain, comfort, inspire. There is nothing like that exquisite moment when you first discover the beauty of connecting with others in celebration of larger ideals and shared wisdom. - Gordon Gee
I think Islam has been hijacked by the idea that all Muslims are terrorists that Islam is about hate, about war, about jihad - I think that hijacks the spirituality and beauty that exists within Islam. I believe in allowing Islam to be seen in context and in its entirety and being judged on what it really is, not what you think it is. - Aasif Mandvi
There's one more thing I want to say. It's a touchy subject. Black beauty. Black sensuality. We live in a culture where the beauty of black people isn't always as celebrated as other types. I'd like to help change that if I can! - Jody Watley
Truth is, I cut my hair for freedom, not for beauty. - Chrisette Michele
When I was young my Father used to tell me that the two most worthwhile pursuits in life were the pursuit of truth and of beauty and I believe that Alfred Nobel must have felt much the same when he gave these prizes for literature and the sciences. - Frederick Sanger
Surely these women won't lose any more of their beauty and charm by putting a ballot in a ballot box once a year than they are likely to lose standing in foundries or laundries all year round. There is no harder contest than the contest for bread, let me tell you that. - Rose Schneiderman
My main aim has always been to do good quality films with roles that have some substance. With Power and Beauty there were loads of things that I liked about the movie, which made me opt for it. - Natasha Henstridge
Fashion is quite inclusive and good at embracing different things and different forms of beauty. It's a very liberal industry. You can be yourself. Just not overweight. - Andrej Pejic
My mum is my beauty icon, because she represents what I think beauty is. - Bar Refaeli
My everyday job is about superficial beauty, but when I'm not working I prefer to work on my inner beauty - I read a lot, I try to learn. - Bar Refaeli
Beauty, of course, is the most important requirement and the paramount asset of the applicant. - Florenz Ziegfeld
In all my career, in my ups and downs, I've never had a beauty campaign. This was meaningful that at almost 41 years old, I could be getting my first beauty campaign. It made me feel really great. - Teri Hatcher
I'm 40 and I just got my first beauty campaign with Clairol Nice and Easy. - Teri Hatcher
This was meaningful that at almost 41 years old, I could be getting my first beauty campaign. - Teri Hatcher
Beauty, like truth, is relative to the time when one lives and to the individual who can grasp it. The expression of beauty is in direct ratio to the power of conception the artist has acquired. - Gustave Courbet
Visual surprise is natural in the Caribbean it comes with the landscape, and faced with its beauty, the sigh of History dissolves. - Derek Walcott
I know no subject more elevating, more amazing, more ready to the poetical enthusiasm, the philosophical reflection, and the moral sentiment than the works of nature. Where can we meet such variety, such beauty, such magnificence? - James Thomson
For, when with beauty we can virtue join, We paint the semblance of a form divine. - Matthew Prior
I've just finished reading a book about the brilliant Margaret Rutherford. She wasn't a beauty, but inside she was absolutely blazing and passionate about her work. She's one of those life-affirming characters. - Sophie Thompson
My definition of love is being full. Complete. It makes everything lighter. Beauty is something you see. Love is something you feel. - Sharon Tate
Through my optimism I naturally prefer and capture the beauty in life. - Leni Riefenstahl
I like to find the beauty in the ugly. When I'm in a thrift store, I gravitate toward pieces I know I'll wear a ton, and insane pieces that I'm sure most people would consider gross. But I find them inspiring. Our van is currently stocked with some of my random findings from this tour. Maybe I'll call my aesthetic 'van fashion.' - Victoria Legrand
Beauty is everything. - Jorja Fox
Instead, it appears to be a particular mark of beauty that it is considered with tranquil satisfaction that it pleases if we also do not possess it and we are still far removed from demanding to possess it. - Moses Mendelssohn
I was always anti-marriage. I didn't understand monogamy. I couldn't figure out how that could last. And then I met Bryn and I started to understand the beauty of constancy and history and change and going on the roller coaster with someone - of having a partner in life. - Maria Bello
Life deprived of beauty is not worthy of being called human. - Luis Barragan
Rich men's houses are seldom beautiful, rarely comfortable, and never original. It is a constant source of surprise to people of moderate means to observe how little a big fortune contributes to Beauty. - Margot Asquith
The best beauty advice I ever received is to keep skin hydrated and limit harsh exposure to the sun. If you are set on the tanned look, there are plenty of great creams that will give you a healthy-looking glow. - Erica Durance
I maintain my inner beauty by trying to lead a balanced life in general. I try to eat healthy foods, but... that doesn't mean I won't treat myself now and then! I work out almost every day, which gives me more energy and helps me feel stronger. I also try to be a genuinely good person to the people around me. - Erica Durance
Acting is still, of course, what I love to do most. The beauty of it is that by changing characters, it never gets boring. - Christopher Lambert
I always say beauty is only sin deep. - Hector Hugh Munro
All I wanted was to connect my moods with those of Paris. Beauty paints and when it painted most, I shot. - Ernst Haas
Coming in solemn beauty like slow old tunes of Spain. - John Masefield
Where is there beauty when you see deprivation and starvation? - Rosalind Russell
Beauty doesn't matter because in the end, we all lose our looks and all we have is our heart. - Ann Curry
We have to get back to the beauty of just being alive in this present moment. - Mary McDonnell
In prison, inmates sometimes use Cheetos and grape juice as makeup. I wouldn't use that beauty regimen around Britney Spears - she might lick your face off! - Joel McHale
I feel fortunate that I'm not a beauty. I'm not a classic beauty. I feel it is harder for girls who are like that. There are fewer parts. - Olivia Colman
But my most favourite pursuit, after my daily exertions at the Foundry, was Astronomy. There were frequently clear nights when the glorious objects in the Heavens were seen in most attractive beauty and brilliancy. - James Nasmyth
To copy beauty forfeits all pretense to fame to copy faults is want of sense. - Charles Churchill
Beauty, sweet love, is like the morning dew, Whose short refresh upon tender green, Cheers for a time, but till the sun doth show And straight is gone, as it had never been. - Samuel Daniel
What I loved about 'Summer' was that they were these four bright kids with a wonderful future. In a way, she was the one with the brains, and then you have the beauty queen and the jock and the introvert. - Kevin Williamson
Stories aren't the beauty of what did happen. They're the beauty of what could happen. - Brad Meltzer
I will admit to hoarding beauty products. I'm a beauty lady. - Naya Rivera
Beauty, unlike the rest of the gifts handed out at birth, does not require dedication, patience and hard work to pay off. But it's also the only gift that does not keep on giving. - Paulina Porizkova
Beauty magazines make my girlfriend feel ugly. - James De La Vega
Coercion may prevent many transgressions but it robs even actions which are legal of a part of their beauty. Freedom may lead to many transgressions, but it lends even to vices a less ignoble form. - Wilhelm von Humboldt
People come to see beauty, and I dance to give it to them. - Judith Jamison
And beauty immortal awakes from the tomb. - James Beattie
I do believe very much in the idea of unexpected or 'convulsive' beauty - beauty in the service of liberty. - Jeff Vandermeer
The double hundred Fowler hit in the Madras Test was an absolute beauty. - David Gower
Everyone can identify with a fragrant garden, with beauty of sunset, with the quiet of nature, with a warm and cozy cottage. - Thomas Kincade
People who put my paintings on their walls are putting their values on their walls: faith, family, home, a simpler way of living, the beauty of nature, quiet, tranquillity, peace, joy, hope. They beckon you into this world that provides an alternative to your nightly news broadcast. - Thomas Kincade
Hold fast to youth and beauty. - Elizabeth Arden
Tramping is too easy with all this money. My days were more exciting when I was penniless and had to forage around for my next meal... I've decided that I'm going to live this life for some time to come. The freedom and simple beauty of it is just too good to pass up. - Christopher McCandless
It never seems to occur to some people, that, like beauty, a sense of humor may sometimes be fatal. - Edgar Rice Burroghs
The closest thing I use to beauty products is the grease on the pizza from John's Pizzeria. - Mark Feuerstein
I'm very proud of my love for Whitney Houston. She really changed my life. She made my life a better life. She was so beautiful in her love for God, her love for her family and her love for music. She truly loved her music. She could do everything! She had flawless rhythm, flawless pitch, flawless feeling, and flawless beauty. - Narada Michael Walden
I first fell in love with music when I was a little boy. When I first heard music, I felt the beauty in it. Then, being able to tap along on a table top and box was great, but my favorite thing to do was to watch records spin. I would almost get hypnotized by it. These things are what drew me in initially. - Narada Michael Walden
I'm not a party animal I took my job as Miss USA very seriously... Sometimes, of course, I want to let it all go. Even though I'm a beauty queen, you're also an unofficial ambassador, and there's a lot of pressure. - Rima Fakih
The beauty of dystopia is that it lets us vicariously experience future worlds - but we still have the power to change our own. - Ally Condie
I have a fantastic wife, and not only in terms of external beauty. Her priority and mine is our children. That is our choice. - Luis Figo
I played with the same band for years and years and there's a beauty to having one solid core that you keep exploring. On the other hand, it's nice to throw yourself in different situations where you find out things about your own resources. - Grant-Lee Phillips
The ever increasing spiritual damage caused by life within the big city will make this hunger practically uncontrollable when we build here on this the landscape of our homeland we must be clear that we will protect its beauty. - Fritz Todt
In places where this beauty has already disappeared, we will reconstruct it. - Fritz Todt
The awesomeness of God is that even in the works of the Beach Boys, Beatles, etc., the beauty of the music is a mere reflection of what God does everyday. He creates music of all kinds and moods. - John Foster
It is conventional to call 'monster' any blending of dissonant elements. I call 'monster' every original inexhaustible beauty. - Alfred Jarry
As long as I love Beauty I am young. - W. H. Davies
When I first thought of the idea for 'Sweet Valley High,' I loved the idea of high school as microcosm of the real world. And what I really liked was how it moved things on from 'Sleeping Beauty'-esque romance novels where the girl had to wait for the hero. This would be girl-driven, very different, I decided - and indeed it is. - Francine Pascal
Though there might not be any easy answers to the problem of poverty, its most compelling scribes do not resign themselves to representation solely for the sake of those age-old verities of truth and beauty. - Leslie Jamison
Far from creating a new formalism, what these can yield is something far transcending surface values since they not only embody form as beauty, but also form in which intuitions or ideas or conjectures have taken visible substance. - Max Bill
Beauty: the adjustment of all parts proportionately so that one cannot add or subtract or change without impairing the harmony of the whole. - Leon Battista Alberti
Time takes the ugliness and horror out of death and turns it into beauty. - Dodie Smith
I'm not out here to win a beauty contest. - Kirk Gibson
I think Whitman more than any other poet possessed the gift of revealing to others the beauty of everything around us, the beauty of nature, the beauty of human beings. - Ella R. Bloor
I'm not trying to stump anybody... it's the beauty of the language that I'm interested in. - Buddy Holly
Suddenly life has new meaning to me, there's beauty up above and things we never take notice of, you wake up suddenly you're in love. - Billy Ocean
Beauty is altogether in the eye of the beholder. - Lew Wallace
Perfect health, like perfect beauty, is a rare thing and so, it seems, is perfect disease. - Peter Latham
The beauty of having short hair is that I actually can wash and style it at home! - Meagan Good
The cottage garden most for use designed, Yet not of beauty destitute. - Charlotte Smith
You will also allow me to thank the Academy for inviting me to lecture in Stockholm, for its hospitality, and for the opportunity afforded me for admiring the charm of your people and the beauty of your country. - Guglielmo Marconi
It's harder, but we're still finding oil in Oklahoma today. The bar has been raised on startup companies, but it can still be done. Every regulation and every rule limits you, but, yes, it can still be done. That's the beauty of living in a free country and having the freedom to have an idea and become an entrepreneur. - Harold Hamm
Great designers seldom make great advertising men, because they get overcome by the beauty of the picture - and forget that merchandise must be sold. - James Randolph Adams
The beauty of the past belongs to the past. - Margaret Bourke-White
It is important to fund young researchers who want to do curiosity-driven research. Curiosity-driven research is a part of life. Some people are curious. They want to learn more about nature and society should help that. It's like art: you can learn more and bring more beauty. - Serge Haroche
I have no right to beauty. I had been condemned to masculine ugliness. - Renee Vivien
Search for beauty without features, something deeper than any signs. - Francesca da Rimini
I have several computer companies. One of them I have a program for wide-format printing. I have a beauty program. So I have several different programs that I own for printing. - Jerry Mathers
There are elements of intrinsic beauty in the simplification of a house built on the log cabin idea. - Gustav Stickley
First, there is the bare beauty of the logs themselves with their long lines and firm curves. Then there is the open charm felt of the structural features which are not hidden under plaster and ornament, but are clearly revealed, a charm felt in Japanese architecture. - Gustav Stickley
There is an abiding beauty which may be appreciated by those who will see things as they are and who will ask for no reward except to see. - Vera Brittain
I think love and beauty are what life is all about. - John Derek
Beauty is the first test: there is no permanent place in the world for ugly mathematics. - Godfrey Harold Hardy
For the greater beauty of the instrument, the balls representing the planets are to be of considerable bigness but so contrived, that they may be taken off at pleasure, and others, much smaller, and fitter for some purposes, put in their places. - David Rittenhouse
Literature boils with the madcap careers of writers brought to the edge by the demands of living on their nerves, wringing out their memories and their nightmares to extract meaning, truth, beauty. - Herbert Gold
I have a book out called 'The Beauty Equation' and it discusses how off track we have gone in considering beauty. - Nigel Barker
Jazz is a very democratic musical form. It comes out of a communal experience. We take our respective instruments and collectively create a thing of beauty. - Max Roach
But I fear, my lot being cast in Scotland, that beauty would not be content. - Anne Boyd
For most people, we often marvel at the beauty of a sunrise or the magnificence of a full moon, but it is impossible to fathom the magnitude of the universe that surrounds us. - Richard H. Baker
Hath the spirit of all beauty Kissed you in the path of duty? - Anna Katharine Green
There are two kinds of artists in this world those that work because the spirit is in them, and they cannot be silent if they would, and those that speak from a conscientious desire to make apparent to others the beauty that has awakened their own admiration. - Anna Katharine Green
We Orientals find beauty not only in the thing itself but in the pattern of the shadows, the light and darkness which that thing provides. - Junichiro Tanizaki
Mathematics are the result of mysterious powers which no one understands, and which the unconscious recognition of beauty must play an important part. Out of an infinity of designs a mathematician chooses one pattern for beauty's sake and pulls it down to earth. - Marston Morse
A small house must depend on its grouping with other houses for its beauty, and for the preservation of light air and the maximum of surrounding open space. - Clarence Stein
Personality is more important than beauty, but imagination is more important than both of them. - Laurette Taylor
You can take no credit for beauty at sixteen. But if you are beautiful at sixty, it will be your own soul's doing. - Marie Carmichael Stopes
And queenly is the state she keeps, In beauty's lofty trust secure. - William Allen Butler
If beauty isn't genius it usually signals at least a high level of animal cunning. - Peter York
I don't know what the secret to longevity as an actress is. It's more than talent and beauty. Maybe it's the audience seeing itself in you. - Joan Blondell
The beauty of women was the first expression of my photography. - Alberto Korda
What I want to give in the theatre is beauty, that's what I want to give. - Dame Edith Evans
I want the Arabic Granada, that which is art, which is all that seems to me beauty and emotion. - Isaac Albeniz
The flowers anew, returning seasons bring but beauty faded has no second spring. - Ambrose Philips
Those who find beauty in all of nature will find themselves at one with the secrets of life itself. - L. Wolfe Gilbert
All the beauty of the world, 'tis but skin deep. - Ralph Venning
Beauty is the still birth of suffering, every woman knows that. - Emily Prager
I feel by posing for Playboy I've discovered my own sexuality and beauty, and I feel more confident than ever. - Heather Kozar
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. - John Wooden
Experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms of government those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny. - Thomas Jefferson
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing. - Theodore Roosevelt
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting. - e. e. cummings
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher. - Dalai Lama
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind. - Albert Einstein
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them. - Ernest Hemingway
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows. - Buddha
You have to accept whatever comes and the only important thing is that you meet it with courage and with the best that you have to give. - Eleanor Roosevelt
I do the very best I know how - the very best I can and I mean to keep on doing so until the end. - Abraham Lincoln
The best road to progress is freedom's road. - John F. Kennedy
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up. - Mark Twain
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. - Mahatma Gandhi
Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best. - John C. Maxwell
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best. - Oscar Wilde
In times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive. - Lee Iacocca
At his best, man is the noblest of all animals separated from law and justice he is the worst. - Aristotle
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people. - Carl Jung
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury. - Marcus Aurelius
The best revenge is massive success. - Frank Sinatra
The best way to predict the future is to create it. - Peter Drucker
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best. - Walt Whitman
It's a funny thing about life if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it. - W. Somerset Maugham
If you want to go somewhere, it is best to find someone who has already been there. - Robert Kiyosaki
The best way to keep one's word is not to give it. - Napoleon Bonaparte
To give and then not feel that one has given is the very best of all ways of giving. - Max Beerbohm
Living well is the best revenge. - George Herbert
If a man does his best, what else is there? - George S. Patton
Clever men are good, but they are not the best. - Thomas Carlyle
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times. - Charles Dickens
I always prefer to believe the best of everybody, it saves so much trouble. - Rudyard Kipling
The best thing to do with the best things in life is to give them up. - Ambrose Bierce
The worst men often give the best advice. - Francis Bacon
We are at our very best, and we are happiest, when we are fully engaged in work we enjoy on the journey toward the goal we've established for ourselves. It gives meaning to our time off and comfort to our sleep. It makes everything else in life so wonderful, so worthwhile. - Earl Nightingale
The best thing about animals is that they don't talk much. - Thornton Wilder
I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it. - Harry S. Truman
The best things in life are unexpected - because there were no expectations. - Eli Khamarov
I will do my best. That is all I can do. I ask for your help - and God's. - Lyndon B. Johnson
Best to live lightly, unthinkingly. - Sophocles
The best doctors in the world are Doctor Diet, Doctor Quiet, and Doctor Merryman. - Jonathan Swift
To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best. - William Makepeace Thackeray
A problem is a chance for you to do your best. - Duke Ellington
Whether it's the best of times or the worst of times, it's the only time we've got. - Art Buchwald
He who has done his best for his own time has lived for all times. - Friedrich Schiller
You'll live. Only the best get killed. - Charles de Gaulle
This is the precept by which I have lived: Prepare for the worst expect the best and take what comes. - Hannah Arendt
Most of the things we decide are not what we know to be the best. We say yes, merely because we are driven into a corner and must say something. - Frank Crane
There is only one real sin and that is to persuade oneself that the second best is anything but second best. - Doris Lessing
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it. - George Halas
Since we live in this world, we have to do our best for this world. - Aung San Suu Kyi
Enthusiasm is the best protection in any situation. Wholeheartedness is contagious. Give yourself, if you wish to get others. - David Seabury
First gain the victory and then make the best use of it you can. - Horatio Nelson
The best way to navigate through life is to give up all of our controls. - Gerald Jampolsky
When you do not know what you are doing and what you are doing is the best - that is inspiration. - Robert Bresson
The creed of a true saint is to make the best of life, and to make the most of it. - Edwin Hubbel Chapin
Just do what you do best. - Red Auerbach
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles. - Audrey Hepburn
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. - Buddha
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him. - Jim Elliot
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. - Og Mandino
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation. - Moliere
My formula for living is quite simple. I get up in the morning and I go to bed at night. In between, I occupy myself as best I can. - Cary Grant
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best. - Epictetus
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter. - Winston Churchill
The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time. - Abraham Lincoln
Sleep is the best meditation. - Dalai Lama
The things I want to know are in books my best friend is the man who'll get me a book I ain't read. - Abraham Lincoln
You can't stop loving or wanting to love because when its right it's the best thing in the world. When you're in a relationship and its good, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete. - Keith Sweat
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other. - Audrey Hepburn
Government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil in its worst state, an intolerable one. - Thomas Paine
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret. - Ambrose Bierce
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves. - Lao Tzu
I believe God is managing affairs and that He doesn't need any advice from me. With God in charge, I believe everything will work out for the best in the end. So what is there to worry about. - Henry Ford
My mama always used to tell me: 'If you can't find somethin' to live for, you best find somethin' to die for.' - Tupac Shakur
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand. - Vince Lombardi
My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. - Abraham Lincoln
Common looking people are the best in the world: that is the reason the Lord makes so many of them. - Abraham Lincoln
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. - Benjamin Franklin
The age of a woman doesn't mean a thing. The best tunes are played on the oldest fiddles. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best. - Benjamin Disraeli
Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us. - Socrates
The best proof of love is trust. - Joyce Brothers
All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you. - Walt Disney
For a people who are free, and who mean to remain so, a well-organized and armed militia is their best security. - Thomas Jefferson
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility. - Eleanor Roosevelt
The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend. - Abraham Lincoln
The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president. You realize that you control your own destiny. - Albert Ellis
My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake. - Aristotle
I never had a policy I have just tried to do my very best each and every day. - Abraham Lincoln
If it's your job to eat a frog, it's best to do it first thing in the morning. And If it's your job to eat two frogs, it's best to eat the biggest one first. - Mark Twain
Honesty is the best policy. - Benjamin Franklin
I want it said of me by those who knew me best, that I always plucked a thistle and planted a flower where I thought a flower would grow. - Abraham Lincoln
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read. - Groucho Marx
In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free - honorable alike in what we give and what we preserve. We shall nobly save, or meanly lose, the last best hope of earth. - Abraham Lincoln
The best way to get a bad law repealed is to enforce it strictly. - Abraham Lincoln
The best way to resolve any problem in the human world is for all sides to sit down and talk. - Dalai Lama
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run. - Abraham Lincoln
We have the best government that money can buy. - Mark Twain
The time comes upon every public man when it is best for him to keep his lips closed. - Abraham Lincoln
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary. - Winston Churchill
I am easily satisfied with the very best. - Winston Churchill
The trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit. - Moliere
Honesty is the best policy - when there is money in it. - Mark Twain
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be. - Anne Frank
It is not best that we should all think alike it is a difference of opinion that makes horse races. - Mark Twain
If you die you're completely happy and your soul somewhere lives on. I'm not afraid of dying. Total peace after death, becoming someone else is the best hope I've got. - Kurt Cobain
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing. - Theodore Roosevelt
Prosperity is the best protector of principle. - Mark Twain
He who knows best knows how little he knows. - Thomas Jefferson
The short words are best, and the old words are the best of all. - Winston Churchill
Broadly speaking, the short words are the best, and the old words best of all. - Winston Churchill
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations. - Steve Jobs
In war as in life, it is often necessary when some cherished scheme has failed, to take up the best alternative open, and if so, it is folly not to work for it with all your might. - Winston Churchill
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all. - Winston Churchill
Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth. - Chanakya
Walking is the best possible exercise. Habituate yourself to walk very fast. - Thomas Jefferson
Battle is the most magnificent competition in which a human being can indulge. It brings out all that is best it removes all that is base. All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood. - George S. Patton
If I'm honest I have to tell you I still read fairy-tales and I like them best of all. - Audrey Hepburn
No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new. - Steve Jobs
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one. - Oscar Wilde
When we do the best that we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life, or in the life of another. - Helen Keller
The best smell in the world is that man that you love. - Jennifer Aniston
The best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal them away. - Ronald Reagan
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan you should wear it inside, where it functions best. - Margaret Thatcher
But men are men the best sometimes forget. - William Shakespeare
Surround yourself with the best people you can find, delegate authority, and don't interfere as long as the policy you've decided upon is being carried out. - Ronald Reagan
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. - Henry Ford
If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges. - Pat Riley
Infinite striving to be the best is man's duty it is its own reward. Everything else is in God's hands. - Mahatma Gandhi
My experience has been that work is almost the best way to pull oneself out of the depths. - Eleanor Roosevelt
I can not believe that war is the best solution. No one won the last war, and no one will win the next war. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming. - John Wooden
'Tis best to weigh the enemy more mighty than he seems. - William Shakespeare
If you can't get rid of the skeleton in your closet, you'd best teach it to dance. - George Bernard Shaw
Perhaps nature is our best assurance of immortality. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Perhaps I know best why it is man alone who laughs he alone suffers so deeply that he had to invent laughter. - Friedrich Nietzsche
When the best leader's work is done the people say, 'We did it ourselves.' - Lao Tzu
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins? - Edgar Allan Poe
Why don't you start believing that no matter what you have or haven't done, that your best days are still out in front of you. - Joel Osteen
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes. - Zig Ziglar
Personally, I just think rap music is the best thing out there, period. If you look at my deck in my car radio, you're always going to find a hip-hop tape that's all I buy, that's all I live, that's all I listen to, that's all I love. - Eminem
The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy. - Friedrich Nietzsche
You are capable of more than you know. Choose a goal that seems right for you and strive to be the best, however hard the path. Aim high. Behave honorably. Prepare to be alone at times, and to endure failure. Persist! The world needs all you can give. - E. O. Wilson
We have the power to make this the best generation of mankind in the history of the world or to make it the last. - John F. Kennedy
If liberty and equality, as is thought by some, are chiefly to be found in democracy, they will be best attained when all persons alike share in government to the utmost. - Aristotle
What we have found in this country, and maybe we're more aware of it now, is one problem that we've had, even in the best of times, and that is the people who are sleeping on the grates, the homeless, you might say, by choice. - Ronald Reagan
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her. - Agatha Christie
A man is relieved and gay when he has put his heart into his work and done his best but what he has said or done otherwise shall give him no peace. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Those who govern, having much business on their hands, do not generally like to take the trouble of considering and carrying into execution new projects. The best public measures are therefore seldom adopted from previous wisdom, but forced by the occasion. - Benjamin Franklin
Hunger is the best pickle. - Benjamin Franklin
The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances. - Aristotle
It might be said now that I have the best of both worlds. A Harvard education and a Yale degree. - John F. Kennedy
A blessed thing it is for any man or woman to have a friend, one human soul whom we can trust utterly, who knows the best and worst of us, and who loves us in spite of all our faults. - Charles Kingsley
A good character is the best tombstone. Those who loved you and were helped by you will remember you when forget-me-nots have withered. Carve your name on hearts, not on marble. - Charles Spurgeon
Fatigue is the best pillow. - Benjamin Franklin
That government is best which governs least. - Henry David Thoreau
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work. - Abdul Kalam
To give anything less than your best, is to sacrifice the gift. - Steve Prefontaine
'Thank you' is the best prayer that anyone could say. I say that one a lot. Thank you expresses extreme gratitude, humility, understanding. - Alice Walker
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming. - John Wooden
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Our best thoughts come from others. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is best to rise from life as from a banquet, neither thirsty nor drunken. - Aristotle
The best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake. - Aristotle
The best effort of a fine person is felt after we have left their presence. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart. - Steve Jobs
The best thing one can do when it's raining is to let it rain. - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. They wake up in the morning and that's the best they're going to feel all day. - Dean Martin
Education is the best provision for old age. - Aristotle
The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep. - W. C. Fields
The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom. - Plato
Those who excel in virtue have the best right of all to rebel, but then they are of all men the least inclined to do so. - Aristotle
To know yet to think that one does not know is best Not to know yet to think that one knows will lead to difficulty. - Lao Tzu
We have an obligation and a responsibility to be investing in our students and our schools. We must make sure that people who have the grades, the desire and the will, but not the money, can still get the best education possible. - Barack Obama
But the person who scored well on an SAT will not necessarily be the best doctor or the best lawyer or the best businessman. These tests do not measure character, leadership, creativity, perseverance. - William Julius Wilson
There is one rule for the industrialist and that is: Make the best quality of goods possible at the lowest cost possible, paying the highest wages possible. - Henry Ford
The best preparation for good work tomorrow is to do good work today. - Elbert Hubbard
The best evaluation I can make of a player is to look in his eyes and see how scared they are. - Michael Jordan
I want to be perceived as a guy who played his best in all facets, not just scoring. A guy who loved challenges. - Michael Jordan
Age appears to be best in four things old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read. - Francis Bacon
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity. - Ayn Rand
One of the best things that ever happened to me is that I'm a woman. That is the way all females should feel. - Marilyn Monroe
A woman knows by intuition, or instinct, what is best for herself. - Marilyn Monroe
I've always felt toward the slightest scene, even if all I had to do in a scene was just to come in and say, 'Hi,' that the people ought to get their money's worth and that this is an obligation of mine, to give them the best you can get from me. - Marilyn Monroe
I'm selfish, impatient, and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I'm out of control, and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best. - Marilyn Monroe
Good humor is a tonic for mind and body. It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression. It is a business asset. It attracts and keeps friends. It lightens human burdens. It is the direct route to serenity and contentment. - Grenville Kleiser
He who laughs best today, will also laughs last. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Treat your kid like a darling for the first five years. For the next five years, scold them. By the time they turn sixteen, treat them like a friend. Your grown up children are your best friends. - Chanakya
But what we can do, as flawed as we are, is still see God in other people, and do our best to help them find their own grace. That's what I strive to do, that's what I pray to do every day. - Barack Obama
You're not going to say anything about me that I'm not going to say about myself. There's so many things that I think about myself if someone really wanted to get at me, they could say this and this and this. So I'm going to say it before they can. It's the best policy for me. - Eminem
My husband and I are best of friends first and foremost. We fight like cats and dogs, but never stay mad for long. I was lucky to find him, he is in every way, my soulmate. - Carnie Wilson
In the last analysis, even the best man is evil: in the last analysis, even the best woman is bad. - Friedrich Nietzsche
The best author will be the one who is ashamed to become a writer. - Friedrich Nietzsche
After all manner of professors have done their best for us, the place we are to get knowledge is in books. The true university of these days is a collection of books. - Albert Camus
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best. - Theodore Isaac Rubin
Read the best books first, or you may not have a chance to read them at all. - Henry David Thoreau
Honestly, I'd love to be remembered as one of the best to ever pick up a mic, but if I'm doing my part to lessen some racial tension I feel good about what I'm doing. - Eminem
The best executive is one who has sense enough to pick good people to do what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it. - Theodore Roosevelt
As you become more clear about who you really are, you'll be better able to decide what is best for you - the first time around. - Oprah Winfrey
The best place to find God is in a garden. You can dig for him there. - George Bernard Shaw
The best things and best people rise out of their separateness I'm against a homogenized society because I want the cream to rise. - Robert Frost
So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty. All other pacts of love or fear derive from it and are modeled upon it. - Haniel Long
I've always taught that a poor economy is the best opportunity for salespeople because the naysayers and grumblers have already given up, leaving more territory, more opportunities to be successful than in a good economy when virtually all salespeople are out there, giving it their best. - Zig Ziglar
I did not wish to take a cabin passage, but rather to go before the mast and on the deck of the world, for there I could best see the moonlight amid the mountains. I do not wish to go below now. - Henry David Thoreau
I am afraid we must make the world honest before we can honestly say to our children that honesty is the best policy. - George Bernard Shaw
The language of excitement is at best picturesque merely. You must be calm before you can utter oracles. - Henry David Thoreau
Best way to get rid of kitchen odors: Eat out. - Phyllis Diller
It is best to avoid the beginnings of evil. - Henry David Thoreau
I didn't see it then, but it turned out that getting fired from Apple was the best thing that could have ever happened to me. The heaviness of being successful was replaced by the lightness of being a beginner again, less sure about everything. It freed me to enter one of the most creative periods of my life. - Steve Jobs
Nothing goes by luck in composition. It allows of no tricks. The best you can write will be the best you are. - Henry David Thoreau
One way or another, we all have to find what best fosters the flowering of our humanity in this contemporary life, and dedicate ourselves to that. - Joseph Campbell
The man with the best job in the country is the vice-president. All he has to do is get up every morning and say, 'How is the president?' - Will Rogers
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. - Andy Warhol
I am just absolutely convinced that the best formula for giving us peace and preserving the American way of life is freedom, limited government, and minding our own business overseas. - Ron Paul
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back? - W. Clement Stone
Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper. The second is that you're generally better off sticking with what you know. And the third is that sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. - Donald Trump
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed. - Napoleon Hill
I always believe that to be the best, you have to smell like the best, dress like the best, act like the best. When you throw your trash in the garbage can, it has to be better than anybody else who ever threw trash in the garbage can. - Lil Wayne
I think it's brought the world a lot closer together, and will continue to do that. There are downsides to everything there are unintended consequences to everything. The most corrosive piece of technology that I've ever seen is called television - but then, again, television, at its best, is magnificent. - Steve Jobs
Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious. - Will Rogers
Remember, always give your best. Never get discouraged. Never be petty. Always remember, others may hate you. But those who hate you don't win unless you hate them. And then you destroy yourself. - Richard M. Nixon
The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you. - Walt Disney
Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next. - Gilda Radner
The worst thing that happens to you may be the best thing for you if you don't let it get the best of you. - Will Rogers
Don't be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one it makes you that much stronger. If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves. - Dale Carnegie
The best way to hold a man is in your arms. - Mae West
Society in every state is a blessing, but government, even in its best stage, is but a necessary evil in its worst state an intolerable one. - Thomas Paine
It is difficult to make our material condition better by the best law, but it is easy enough to ruin it by bad laws. - Theodore Roosevelt
Our goal is to make the best devices in the world, not to be the biggest. - Steve Jobs
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Civilization had too many rules for me, so I did my best to rewrite them. - Bill Cosby
A failure is not always a mistake, it may simply be the best one can do under the circumstances. The real mistake is to stop trying. - B. F. Skinner
To help yourself, you must be yourself. Be the best that you can be. When you make a mistake, learn from it, pick yourself up and move on. - Dave Pelzer
We think the Mac will sell zillions, but we didn't build the Mac for anybody else. We built it for ourselves. We were the group of people who were going to judge whether it was great or not. We weren't going to go out and do market research. We just wanted to build the best thing we could build. - Steve Jobs
If you believe in what you are doing, then let nothing hold you up in your work. Much of the best work of the world has been done against seeming impossibilities. The thing is to get the work done. - Dale Carnegie
I know my country has not perfected itself. At times, we've struggled to keep the promise of liberty and equality for all of our people. We've made our share of mistakes, and there are times when our actions around the world have not lived up to our best intentions. - Barack Obama
So let's not use a stylus. We're going to use the best pointing device in the world. We're going to use a pointing device that we're all born with - born with ten of them. We're going to use our fingers. We're going to touch this with our fingers. And we have invented a new technology called multi-touch, which is phenomenal. It works like magic. - Steve Jobs
We hire people who want to make the best things in the world. - Steve Jobs
Dad needs to show an incredible amount of respect and humor and friendship toward his mate so the kids understand their parents are sexy, they're fun, they do things together, they're best friends. Kids learn by example. If I respect Mom, they're going to respect Mom. - Tim Allen
Don't lower your expectations to meet your performance. Raise your level of performance to meet your expectations. Expect the best of yourself, and then do what is necessary to make it a reality. - Ralph Marston
A national political campaign is better than the best circus ever heard of, with a mass baptism and a couple of hangings thrown in. - H. L. Mencken
The best liar is he who makes the smallest amount of lying go the longest way. - Samuel Butler
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment. - Oprah Winfrey
We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend. - Robert Louis Stevenson
My philosophy is that not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment puts you I the best place for the next moment. - Oprah Winfrey
An educated person is one who has learned that information almost always turns out to be at best incomplete and very often false, misleading, fictitious, mendacious - just dead wrong. - Russell Baker
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. - Paul Valery
In fact, the best thing we could do on taxes for all Americans is to simplify the individual tax code. This will be a tough job, but members of both parties have expressed an interest in doing this, and I am prepared to join them. - Barack Obama
Look your best - who said love is blind? - Mae West
Success in its highest and noblest form calls for peace of mind and enjoyment and happiness which come only to the man who has found the work that he likes best. - Napoleon Hill
I just think it is important that you realize , that you're the best in the world. Whether you are a Democrat or Republican or whether you're libertarian or whatever, you are the best. And we should not ever forget that. And when somebody does not do the job, we got to let them go. - Clint Eastwood
The best way out of a difficulty is through it. - Will Rogers
We can choose a future where we export more products and outsource fewer jobs. After a decade that was defined by what we bought and borrowed, we're getting back to basics, and doing what America has always done best: We're making things again. - Barack Obama
Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable. - John Wooden
My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. - Ernest Hemingway
Excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism. - Oprah Winfrey
There's a victory, and defeat the first and best of victories, the lowest and worst of defeats which each man gains or sustains at the hands not of another, but of himself. - Plato
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it. - Richard Bach
A man's friendships are one of the best measures of his worth. - Charles Darwin
In the practical art of war, the best thing of all is to take the enemy's country whole and intact to shatter and destroy it is not so good. - Sun Tzu
Cynical realism is the intelligent man's best excuse for doing nothing in an intolerable situation. - Aldous Huxley
When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not far away. It is time to go elsewhere. The best thing about space travel is that it made it possible to go elsewhere. - Robert A. Heinlein
For a long time now I have tried simply to write the best I can. Sometimes I have good luck and write better than I can. - Ernest Hemingway
Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
God is not on the side of the big battalions, but on the side of those who shoot best. - Voltaire
Never argue at the dinner table, for the one who is not hungry always gets the best of the argument. - Voltaire
It has always been my belief that a man should do his best, regardless of how much he receives for his services, or the number of people he may be serving or the class of people served. - Napoleon Hill
I was raised to believe that excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism. And that's how I operate my life. - Oprah Winfrey
Compromise is the best and cheapest lawyer. - Robert Louis Stevenson
Your purpose is to make your audience see what you saw, hear what you heard, feel what you felt. Relevant detail, couched in concrete, colorful language, is the best way to recreate the incident as it happened and to picture it for the audience. - Dale Carnegie
The best way to sell yourself to others is first to sell the others to yourself. - Napoleon Hill
A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of. - Jane Austen
One thing is sure. We have to do something. We have to do the best we know how at the moment... If it doesn't turn out right, we can modify it as we go along. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. - Rita Mae Brown
That is what we are supposed to do when we are at our best - make it all up - but make it up so truly that later it will happen that way. - Ernest Hemingway
The best is the enemy of the good. - Voltaire
Marilyn Monroe wasn't even her real name, Charles Manson isn't his real name, and now, I'm taking that to be my real name. But what's real? You can't find the truth, you just pick the lie you like the best. - Marilyn Manson
The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist fears it is true. - J. Robert Oppenheimer
The best activities for your health are pumping and humping. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
In this world you've just got to hope for the best and prepare for the worst and take whatever God sends. - Lucy Maud Montgomery
The best government is a benevolent tyranny tempered by an occasional assassination. - Voltaire
Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited. - Napoleon Hill
In a completely rational society, the best of us would be teachers and the rest of us would have to settle for something else. - Lee Iacocca
All significant truths are private truths. As they become public they cease to become truths they become facts, or at best, part of the public character or at worst, catchwords. - T. S. Eliot
The best way to be boring is to leave nothing out. - Voltaire
We would all like to vote for the best man but he is never a candidate. - Kin Hubbard
Our best successes often come after our greatest disappointments. - Henry Ward Beecher
And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department. - Andrew Carnegie
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use. - Earl Nightingale
Do right. Do your best. Treat others as you want to be treated. - Lou Holtz
Among the natural rights of the colonists are these: First a right to life, secondly to liberty, and thirdly to property together with the right to defend them in the best manner they can. - Samuel Adams
The best government is that which teaches us to govern ourselves. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Just do the best you can. No one can do more than that. - John Wooden
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
The death of my father is probably the biggest thing that I ever faced. Daddy and I were best friends. - Joel Osteen
The genius of the United States is not best or most in its executives or legislatures, nor in its ambassadors or authors or colleges, or churches, or parlors, nor even in its newspapers or inventors, but always most in the common people. - Walt Whitman
The best scientist is open to experience and begins with romance - the idea that anything is possible. - Ray Bradbury
Our worldly successes cannot be guaranteed, but our ability to achieve spiritual success is entirely up to us, thanks to the grace of God. The best advice I know is to give is to give those worldly things your best but never your all - reserve the ultimate hope for the only one who can grant it. - Mitt Romney
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. - Alan Kay
Which government is the best? The one that teaches us to govern ourselves. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
About astrology and palmistry: they are good because they make people vivid and full of possibilities. They are communism at its best. Everybody has a birthday and almost everybody has a palm. - Kurt Vonnegut
Luck marches with those who give their very best. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
I find that the best way to do things is to constantly move forward and to never doubt anything and keep moving forward, if you make a mistake say you made a mistake. - John Frusciante
In art the best is good enough. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
One cannot develop taste from what is of average quality but only from the very best. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind. - Napoleon Bonaparte
The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it. - Dale Carnegie
Best of all is it to preserve everything in a pure, still heart, and let there be for every pulse a thanksgiving, and for every breath a song. - Konrad von Gesner
You teach best what you most need to learn. - Richard Bach
It is always the best policy to speak the truth, unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar. - Jerome K. Jerome
To refrain from imitation is the best revenge. - Marcus Aurelius
Yes'm, old friends is always best, 'less you can catch a new one that's fit to make an old one out of. - Sarah Orne Jewett
The best lack all conviction, while the worst are full of passionate intensity. - William Butler Yeats
There is an infinite difference between a little wrong and just right, between fairly good and the best, between mediocrity and superiority. - Orison Swett Marden
I just want to do what I do best, and that's fight. I love it. - Mike Tyson
No one can really honestly be the very best, no one. - John Wooden
Some of my best leading men have been dogs and horses. - Elizabeth Taylor
You must accept that you might fail then, if you do your best and still don't win, at least you can be satisfied that you've tried. If you don't accept failure as a possibility, you don't set high goals, you don't branch out, you don't try - you don't take the risk. - Rosalynn Carter
You always want to quit while you are ahead. You don't want to be like a fighter who stays too long in the ring until you're not performing at your best. - Clint Eastwood
To be successful in real estate, you must always and consistently put your clients' best interests first. When you do, your personal needs will be realized beyond your greatest expectations. - Anthony Hitt
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. - Andy Warhol
The 1st period is won by the best technician. The 2nd period is won by the kid in the best shape. The 3rd period is won by the kid with the biggest heart. - Dan Gable
There's a lot of great movies that have won the Academy Award, and a lot of great movies that haven't. You just do the best you can. - Clint Eastwood
I believe the best service to the child is the service closest to the child, and children who are victims of neglect, abuse, or abandonment must not also be victims of bureaucracy. They deserve our devoted attention, not our divided attention. - Kenny Guinn
The trite saying that honesty is the best policy has met with the just criticism that honesty is not policy. The real honest man is honest from conviction of what is right, not from policy. - Robert E. Lee
We must stop thinking of the individual and start thinking about what is best for society. - Hillary Clinton
If you felt that excitement when you voted for Barack Obama, shouldn't you feel that way now that he's President Obama? You know there's something wrong with the kind of job he's done as president when the best feeling you had was the day you voted for him. - Mitt Romney
The best thinking has been done in solitude. The worst has been done in turmoil. - Thomas A. Edison
To study the abnormal is the best way of understanding the normal. - William James
A well regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained in arms, is the best most natural defense of a free country. - James Madison
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens. - Epictetus
Massachusetts children cannot only lead the nation in test scores, they can be competitive with the best in the world. And the gap in achievement among races can virtually disappear. - Mitt Romney
I want you to remember when our White House reflected the best of who we are, not the worst of what Europe has become. - Mitt Romney
The strength and power and goodness of America has always been based on the strength and power and goodness of our communities, our families, our faiths. That is the bedrock of what makes America, America. In our best days, we can feel the vibrancy of America's communities, large and small. - Mitt Romney
I have long since come to believe that people never mean half of what they say, and that it is best to disregard their talk and judge only their actions. - Dorothy Day
Nearly all the best things that came to me in life have been unexpected, unplanned by me. - Carl Sandburg
The best way to destroy the capitalist system is to debauch the currency. - Vladimir Lenin
Achievement is not always success, while reputed failure often is. It is honest endeavor, persistent effort to do the best possible under any and all circumstances. - Orison Swett Marden
Baseball was, is and always will be to me the best game in the world. - Babe Ruth
The things we know best are the things we haven't been taught. - Luc de Clapiers
Surround yourself with good people. Whether they're the best or not, people are capable of learning if they've got good hearts and they're good souls. - Kid Rock
Always Do Your Best. Your best is going to change from moment to moment it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret. - Miguel Angel Ruiz
Cheerfulness is the best promoter of health and is as friendly to the mind as to the body. - Joseph Addison
The best weapon of a dictatorship is secrecy, but the best weapon of a democracy should be the weapon of openness. - Niels Bohr
I think what makes our marriage work amid all the glare is that my husband is my best friend. He inspires everything in my life and enables me to do the best that I can. I want to hang out with him more than anyone. - Faith Hill
Now I see the secret of making the best person: it is to grow in the open air and to eat and sleep with the earth. - Walt Whitman
Laughter is not a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is the best ending for one. - Henry Ward Beecher
What we call wisdom is the result of all the wisdom of past ages. Our best institutions are like young trees growing upon the roots of the old trunks that have crumbled away. - Henry Ward Beecher
The best way of removing negativity is to laugh and be joyous. - David Icke
Every year of my life I grow more convinced that it is wisest and best to fix our attention on the beautiful and the good, and dwell as little as possible on the evil and the false. - Richard Cecil
Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age. - Pope John XXIII
I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
With my wife I don't get no respect. I made a toast on her birthday to 'the best woman a man ever had.' The waiter joined me. - Rodney Dangerfield
The best and safest thing is to keep a balance in your life, acknowledge the great powers around us and in us. If you can do that, and live that way, you are really a wise man. - Euripides
The Lord gets his best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction. - Charles Spurgeon
The best argument I know for an immortal life is the existence of a man who deserves one. - William James
Set up another case bartender! The best thing for a case of nerves is a case of Scotch. - W. C. Fields
Toleration is the best religion. - Victor Hugo
Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret. - Laurence J. Peter
Stubborn and ardent clinging to one's opinion is the best proof of stupidity. - Michel de Montaigne
The best books... are those that tell you what you know already. - George Orwell
Genius always gives its best at first prudence, at last. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Do what you love to do and give it your very best. Whether it's business or baseball, or the theater, or any field. If you don't love what you're doing and you can't give it your best, get out of it. Life is too short. You'll be an old man before you know it. - Al Lopez
That best portion of a man's life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love. - William Wordsworth
I lead no party I follow no leader. I have given the best part of my life to careful study of Islam, its law and polity, its culture, its history and its literature. - Muhammad Iqbal
I don't want to do business with those who don't make a profit, because they can't give the best service. - Richard Bach
No man who worships education has got the best out of education... Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
Use what talents you possess the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best. - Henry Van Dyke
A woman's best protection is a little money of her own. - Clare Boothe Luce
People who lean on logic and philosophy and rational exposition end by starving the best part of the mind. - William Butler Yeats
The most basic question is not what is best, but who shall decide what is best. - Thomas Sowell
I don't know why, it's the same reason why you like some music and you don't like others. There's something about it that you like. Ultimately I don't find it's in my best interests to try and analyze it, since it's fundamentally emotional. - Jerry Garcia
I am not a perfect servant. I am a public servant doing my best against the odds. As I develop and serve, be patient. God is not finished with me yet. - Jesse Jackson
Of all the home remedies, a good wife is best. - Kin Hubbard
Everywhere I go, I'm asked if I think the universities stifle writers. My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them. There's many a best seller that could have been prevented by a good teacher. - Flannery O'Connor
These things bring you to reality as to how fragile you are at the same moment you are doing something that nobody else is able to do. The same moment that you are seen as the best, the fastest and somebody that cannot be touched, you are enormously fragile. - Ayrton Senna
I was never one to patiently pick up broken fragments and glue them together again and tell myself that the mended whole was as good as new. What is broken is broken - and I'd rather remember it as it was at its best than mend it and see the broken places as long as I lived. - Margaret Mitchell
Goals provide the energy source that powers our lives. One of the best ways we can get the most from the energy we have is to focus it. That is what goals can do for us concentrate our energy. - Denis Waitley
The deferring of anger is the best antidote to anger. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Man, being reasonable, must get drunk the best of life is but intoxication. - Lord Byron
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts. - John Locke
I think every girl needs to love herself, regardless of anything. Like if you're having a bad day, if you don't like your hair, if you don't have the best family situation, whatever, you have to love yourself and you can't do anything until you love yourself first. - Julianne Hough
Being a teenager is an amazing time and a hard time. It's when you make your best friends - I have girls who will never leave my heart and I still talk to. You get the best and the worst as a teen. You have the best friendships and the worst heartbreaks. - Sophia Bush
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course. - Michelangelo
Let us put theology out of religion. Theology has always sent the worst to heaven, the best to hell. - Robert Green Ingersoll
Now I know that Wal-Mart's policies do not reflect the best way of doing business and the values that I think are important in America. - Hillary Clinton
I am someone who hopes for the best and prepares for the worst. - Hillary Clinton
Sculpture is the best comment that a painter can make on painting. - Pablo Picasso
I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a person's day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something. - Eddie Vedder
The best way to know God is to love many things. - Vincent Van Gogh
The best portion of a good man's life is his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love. - William Wordsworth
The best part about being alone is that you really don't have to answer to anybody. You do what you want. - Justin Timberlake
I am neither frustrated nor planning anything other than being the best Secretary of State I could be. - Hillary Clinton
There is no doubt that America remains the premier political, economic, military power in the world, and I both expect and count on it remaining so, because I think that's certainly in our best interest but also the best interests of the world. - Hillary Clinton
The best morale exist when you never hear the word mentioned. When you hear a lot of talk about it, it's usually lousy. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
I may be as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best. - Walt Whitman
Take those chances and you can achieve greatness, whereas if you go conservative, you'll never know. I truly believe what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. Even if you fail, learning and moving on is sometimes the best thing. - Danica Patrick
But I always think that the best way to know God is to love many things. - Vincent Van Gogh
Prescription: A physician's guess at what will best prolong the situation with least harm to the patient. - Ambrose Bierce
Part of the reason for the ugliness of adults, in a child's eyes, is that the child is usually looking upwards, and few faces are at their best when seen from below. - George Orwell
There is only one thing for us to do, and that is to do our level best right where we are every day of our lives To use our best judgment, and then to trust the rest to that Power which holds the forces of the universe in his hands. - Orison Swett Marden
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. - Donald Trump
Employees make the best dates. You don't have to pick them up and they're always tax-deductible. - Andy Warhol
Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised. - Denis Waitley
I have found that being honest is the best technique I can use. Right up front, tell people what you're trying to accomplish and what you're willing to sacrifice to accomplish it. - Lee Iacocca
No man really knows about other human beings. The best he can do is to suppose that they are like himself. - John Steinbeck
I have found it advisable not to give too much heed to what people say when I am trying to accomplish something of consequence. Invariably they proclaim it can't be done. I deem that the very best time to make the effort. - Calvin Coolidge
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success. - Joyce Brothers
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day. - George Allen, Sr.
The best time for you to hold your tongue is the time you feel you must say something or bust. - Josh Billings
If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Only a mediocre person is always at his best. - W. Somerset Maugham
Research has shown that the best way to be happy is to make each day happy. - Deepak Chopra
A boy's story is the best that is ever told. - Charles Dickens
Being forced to work, and forced to do your best, will breed in you temperance and self-control, diligence and strength of will, cheerfulness and content, and a hundred virtues which the idle will never know. - Charles Kingsley
The best way to obtain truth and wisdom is not to ask from books, but to go to God in prayer, and obtain divine teaching. - Joseph Smith, Jr.
Here's what I tell anybody and this is what I believe. The greatest gift we have is the gift of life. We understand that. That comes from our Creator. We're given a body. Now you may not like it, but you can maximize that body the best it can be maximized. - Mike Ditka
Being a blockhead is sometimes the best security against being cheated by a man of wit. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
It is not in the nature of politics that the best men should be elected. The best men do not want to govern their fellowmen. - George MacDonald
The best thing about giving of ourselves is that what we get is always better than what we give. The reaction is greater than the action. - Orison Swett Marden
If you're feeling insecure and you need to feel special, the best place to go is somewhere foreign where people treat you as special because you're different. - Kristin Scott Thomas
No man fails who does his best. - Orison Swett Marden
The size of your accomplishments, the quality of your achievement, will depend very largely on how big a man you see in yourself, what sort of image you get of your possible self, yourself at your best. - Orison Swett Marden
Fit no stereotypes. Don't chase the latest management fads. The situation dictates which approach best accomplishes the team's mission. - Colin Powell
I think we all have blocks between us and the best version of ourselves, whether it's shyness, insecurity, anxiety, whether it's a physical block, and the story of a person overcoming that block to their best self. It's truly inspiring because I think all of us are engaged in that every day. - Tom Hooper
In the misfortunes of our best friends we always find something not altogether displeasing to us. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Life is short and if you're looking for extension, you had best do well. 'Cause there's good deeds and then there's good intentions. They are as far apart as Heaven and Hell. - Ben Harper
I find myself hoping a total end of all the unhappy divisions of mankind by party-spirit, which at best is but the madness of many for the gain of a few. - Alexander Pope
Wishful thinking is not idealism. It is self-indulgence at best and self-exaltation at worst. In either case, it is usually at the expense of others. In other words, it is the opposite of idealism. - Thomas Sowell
Power is always dangerous. Power attracts the worst and corrupts the best. - Edward Abbey
As a general rule, the most successful man in life is the man who has the best information. - Benjamin Disraeli
There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts. - Charles Dickens
Knowing that we can be loved exactly as we are gives us all the best opportunity for growing into the healthiest of people. - Fred Rogers
The best time I ever had with Joan Crawford was when I pushed her down the stairs in Whatever Happened to Baby Jane? - Bette Davis
The intention to live as long as possible isn't one of the mind's best intentions, because quantity isn't the same as quality. - Deepak Chopra
The future hasn't happened yet and the past is gone. So I think the only moment we have is right here and now, and I try to make the best of those moments, the moments that I'm in. - Annie Lennox
The noir hero is a knight in blood caked armor. He's dirty and he does his best to deny the fact that he's a hero the whole time. - Frank Miller
I looked on child rearing not only as a work of love and duty but as a profession that was fully as interesting and challenging as any honorable profession in the world and one that demanded the best that I could bring to it. - Rose Kennedy
For Forms of Government let fools contest whatever is best administered is best. - Alexander Pope
The best thing we can do if we want the Russians to let us be Americans is to let the Russians be Russian. - George F. Kennan
You should read history and look at ostracism, persecution, martyrdom, and that kind of thing. They always happen to the best men, you know. - George Eliot
Brevity is the best recommendation of speech, whether in a senator or an orator. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
We should often feel ashamed of our best actions if the world could see all the motives which produced them. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
We should often blush for our very best actions, if the world did but see all the motives upon which they were done. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away. - Wilson Mizner
I love that for Barack, there is no such thing as 'us' and 'them' - he doesn't care whether you're a Democrat, a Republican, or none of the above... he knows that we all love our country... and he's always ready to listen to good ideas... he's always looking for the very best in everyone he meets. - Michelle Obama
Use those talents you have. You will make it. You will give joy to the world. Take this tip from nature: The woods would be a very silent place if no birds sang except those who sang best. - Bernard Meltzer
The wildest colts make the best horses. - Plutarch
The best interpreter of the law is custom. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express. - Francis Bacon
Blondes make the best victims. They're like virgin snow that shows up the bloody footprints. - Alfred Hitchcock
Education must provide the opportunities for self-fulfillment it can at best provide a rich and challenging environment for the individual to explore, in his own way. - Noam Chomsky
You must be worthy of the best, but not more worthy than the rest. - Denis Waitley
As long as you as an individual... can convince yourself that in order to move forward as best you can you have to be optimistic, you can be described as 'one of the faithful,' one of those people who can say, 'Well, look, something's going to happen! Let's just keep trying. Let's not give up. - Tom Hanks
I think the best thing I can do is to be a distraction. A husband lives and breathes his work all day long. If he comes home to more table thumping, how can the poor man ever relax? - Jackie Kennedy
Focused. I'm a hustler. And my hustle is trying to figure out the best ways to do what I like without having to do much else. - Mos Def
You may call God love, you may call God goodness. But the best name for God is compassion. - Meister Eckhart
I want to talk to the bullied kids of the world. Tell them to hang on, it will get better. Know that an 'Iron Chef,' actors, musicians, artists and all successful people have probably been bullied in their life. And the best part of your life is yet to come. Whatever it takes to live, do it! - Cat Cora
Beer, it's the best damn drink in the world. - Jack Nicholson
If anything I try to write something that would be more difficult to film. I tend to see film as competition and would like instead to do what books do best. - Chuck Palahniuk
Do you remember when you were 10 or 11 years old and you really thought your folks were the best? They were completely omniscient and you took their word for everything. And then you got older and you went through this hideous age when suddenly they were the devil, they were bullies, and they didn't know anything. - Chuck Palahniuk
The principle of all successful effort is to try to do not what is absolutely the best, but what is easily within our power, and suited for our temperament and condition. - John Ruskin
Everyone is your best friend when you are successful. Make sure that the people that you surround yourself with are also the people that you are not afraid of failing with. - Paula Abdul
A majority is always better than the best repartee. - Benjamin Disraeli
The best security for civilization is the dwelling, and upon properly appointed and becoming dwellings depends, more than anything else, the improvement of mankind. - Benjamin Disraeli
Words are not as satisfactory as we should like them to be, but, like our neighbours, we have got to live with them and must make the best and not the worst of them. - Samuel Butler
This is the patent age of new inventions for killing bodies, and for saving souls. All propagated with the best intentions. - Lord Byron
It's best to have failure happen early in life. It wakes up the Phoenix bird in you so you rise from the ashes. - Anne Baxter
At best the family teaches the finest things human beings can learn from one another generosity and love. But it is also, all too often, where we learn nasty things like hate, rage and shame. - Barbara Ehrenreich
The best thing commercially, which is the worst artistically, by and large, is the most successful. - Orson Welles
In the beginning there was the word. The word was Jah. The word is in I, Jah is in I. I make what is good, better, and what is better, best. I follow this in every aspect of life. - Peter Tosh
I don't care whether people like me or dislike me. I'm not on earth to win a popularity contest. I'm here to be the best human being I possibly can be. - Tab Hunter
The promises of this world are, for the most part, vain phantoms and to confide in one's self, and become something of worth and value is the best and safest course. - Michelangelo
The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible. - David Ogilvy
Those that despise people will never get the best out of others and themselves. - Alexis de Tocqueville
Voting is a right best exercised by people who have taken time to learn about the issues. - Tony Snow
The best work is not what is most difficult for you it is what you do best. - Jean-Paul Sartre
I have believed the best of every man. And find that to believe is enough to make a bad man show him at his best, or even a good man swings his lantern higher. - William Butler Yeats
The only failure one should fear, is not hugging to the purpose they see as best. - George Eliot
There is only one failure in life possible, and that is not to be true to the best one knows. - George Eliot
I'm proof against that word failure. I've seen behind it. The only failure a man ought to fear is failure of cleaving to the purpose he sees to be best. - George Eliot
The best augury of a man's success in his profession is that he thinks it the finest in the world. - George Eliot
For what is love itself, for the one we love best? An enfolding of immeasurable cares which yet are better than any joys outside our love. - George Eliot
If you're lucky enough to have a pretty girl love you and share herself and sleep with you, make that your secret. The best way to spoil love is by talking to too many people about it. - Rip Torn
You hear the best stories from ordinary people. That sense of immediacy is more real to me than a lot of writerly, literary-type crafted stories. I want that immediacy when I read a novel. - Chuck Palahniuk
Some of the best ideas I get seem to happen when I'm doing mindless manual labor or exercise. I'm not sure how that happens, but it leaves me free for remarkable ideas to occur. - Chuck Palahniuk
Events will take their course, it is no good of being angry at them he is happiest who wisely turns them to the best account. - Euripides
Economy is the basis of society. When the economy is stable, society develops. The ideal economy combines the spiritual and the material, and the best commodities to trade in are sincerity and love. - Morihei Ueshiba
Dictionaries are like watches, the worst is better than none and the best cannot be expected to go quite true. - Samuel Johnson
Silence is true wisdom's best reply. - Euripides
Education is the leading of human souls to what is best, and making what is best out of them. - John Ruskin
Certainly the best works, and of greatest merit for the public, have proceeded from the unmarried, or childless men. - Francis Bacon
There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm. - Willa Cather
After all, the best part of a holiday is perhaps not so much to be resting yourself, as to see all the other fellows busy working. - Kenneth Grahame
Choose your companions from the best Who draws a bucket with the rest soon topples down the hill. - William Butler Yeats
Also, if you want to reach people, theatre is not always the best way to do it. - Harvey Fierstein
Let me recommend the best medicine in the world: a long journey, at a mild season, through a pleasant country, in easy stages. - James Madison
He who knows no hardships will know no hardihood. He who faces no calamity will need no courage. Mysterious though it is, the characteristics in human nature which we love best grow in a soil with a strong mixture of troubles. - Harry Emerson Fosdick
In writing and politicking, it's best not to think about it, just do it. - Gore Vidal
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself. - Douglas MacArthur
Employees are a company's greatest asset - they're your competitive advantage. You want to attract and retain the best provide them with encouragement, stimulus, and make them feel that they are an integral part of the company's mission. - Anne M. Mulcahy
I really feel like life will dictate itself. You should allow it to unfold as naturally as possible. Just go with the flow. When you're really desperate, you say a few prayers and hope for the best. That's the way I've always lived my life. - Shania Twain
I have made the choices that work best for me. I know I cannot please everyone, and that's fine. - Marlee Matlin
Science is simply common sense at its best, that is, rigidly accurate in observation, and merciless to fallacy in logic. - Thomas Huxley
Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend. - Bill Watterson
Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor. - Euripides
The best way in the world to deceive believers is to cloak a message in religious language and declare that it conveys some new insight from God. - Charles Stanley
An excuse becomes an obstacle in your journey to success when it is made in place of your best effort or when it is used as the object of the blame. - Bo Bennett
There are people and nations, Mother, that I would like to say to you by name. I entrust them to you in silence, I entrust them to you in the way that you know best. - Pope John Paul II
I love my wife and I know she loves me. We're best friends. We're just lucky to have found each other. It takes a lot of work but I just feel very blessed that I found the right person. It's a very fortunate situation and not everyone has that. - Harry Connick, Jr.
Falling in love is the best way to kill your heart because then it's not yours anymore. It's laid in a coffin, waiting to be cremated. - Ville Valo
The human body is the best picture of the human soul. - Ludwig Wittgenstein
As you know from school, it's when you have not prepared for the test that you have the fear of failing. And if you have prepared, even if you fail, you've done your best. - Alice Walker
Land really is the best art. - Andy Warhol
How long most people would look at the best book before they would give the price of a large turbot for it? - John Ruskin
Nearly all the powerful people of this age are unbelievers, the best of them in doubt and misery, the most in plodding hesitation, doing as well as they can, what practical work lies at hand. - John Ruskin
The art which we may call generally art of the wayside, as opposed to that which is the business of men's lives, is, in the best sense of the word, Grotesque. - John Ruskin
The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry. - William F. Buckley, Jr.
As a mom, I know it is my responsibility, and no one else's, to raise my kids. But we have to ask ourselves, what does it mean when so many parents are finding their best efforts undermined by an avalanche of advertisements aimed at our kids. - Michelle Obama
We do not look in our great cities for our best morality. - Jane Austen
A man's best fortune, or his worst, is his wife. - Thomas Fuller
When love is at its best, one loves so much that he cannot forget. - Helen Hunt Jackson
It is with trifles, and when he is off guard, that a man best reveals his character. - Arthur Schopenhauer
She's always there for me when I need her She's my best friend she's just my everything. - Ashley Olsen
The best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it. - Harry S. Truman
Priests are not men of the world it is not intended that they should be and a University training is the one best adapted to prevent their becoming so. - Samuel Butler
This Halloween, the most popular mask is the Arnold Schwarzenegger mask. And the best part? With a mouth full of candy you will sound just like him. - Conan O'Brien
I've run the Boston Marathon 6 times before. I think the best aspects of the marathon are the beautiful changes of the scenery along the route and the warmth of the people's support. I feel happier every time I enter this marathon. - Haruki Murakami
The scientific theory I like best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage. - Mark Russell
You don't despair about something like the Middle East, you just do the best you can. - P. J. O'Rourke
The best vision is insight. - Malcolm Forbes
Friends are the best to turn to when you're having a rough day. - Justin Bieber
I paint self-portraits because I am so often alone, because I am the person I know best. - Frida Kahlo
There is a wisdom in this beyond the rules of physic: a man's own observation what he finds good of and what he finds hurt of is the best physic to preserve health. - Francis Bacon
Virtue is like a rich stone, best plain set. - Francis Bacon
Some people have such a talent for making the best of a bad situation that they go around creating bad situations so they can make the best of them. - Jean Kerr
My best moment? I have a lot of good moments but the one I prefer is when I kicked the hooligan. - Eric Cantona
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success. - Paramahansa Yogananda
There is so much good in the worst of us, and so much bad in the best of us, that it ill behaves any of us to find fault with the rest of us. - James Truslow Adams
The best revenge is to live on and prove yourself. - Eddie Vedder
We all like to forgive, and love best not those who offend us least, nor who have done most for us, but those who make it most easy for us to forgive them. - Samuel Butler
He has spent his life best who has enjoyed it most. God will take care that we do not enjoy it any more than is good for us. - Samuel Butler
I've given it my all. I've done my best. Now, I'm ready with my family to begin the next phase of our lives. - Richard M. Daley
Man finds it hard to get what he wants, because he does not want the best God finds it hard to give, because He would give the best, and man will not take it. - George MacDonald
Meditation is all about the pursuit of nothingness. It's like the ultimate rest. It's better than the best sleep you've ever had. It's a quieting of the mind. It sharpens everything, especially your appreciation of your surroundings. It keeps life fresh. - Hugh Jackman
I don't believe the most successful people are the ones who got the best grades, got into the best schools, or made the most money. - Ben Stein
Your best friend and worst enemy are both in this room right now. It's not your neighbor right or left - and it's not God or the devil - it's you. - Edwin Louis Cole
Men at most differ as Heaven and Earth, but women, worst and best, as Heaven and Hell. - Alfred Lord Tennyson
And it is still true, no matter how old you are, when you go out into the world it is best to hold hands and stick together. - Robert Fulghum
I'm human, I'm not perfect. I make mistakes all the time, but I guess my job is to keep those mistakes to myself, which I'm already fine doing and just try to be the best I can be for those kids. - Selena Gomez
Maria is the best reason to come home. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Philosophy begins in wonder. And, at the end, when philosophic thought has done its best, the wonder remains. - Alfred North Whitehead
There is no end of craving. Hence contentment alone is the best way to happiness. Therefore, acquire contentment. - Sivananda
The large majority of the Negroes who have put on the finishing touches of our best colleges are all but worthless in the development of their people. - Carter G. Woodson
The best thing is to look natural, but it takes makeup to look natural. - Calvin Klein
Humor is one of the best ingredients of survival. - Aung San Suu Kyi
In less enlightened times, the best way to impress women was to own a hot car. But women wised up and realized it was better to buy their own hot cars so they wouldn't have to ride around with jerks. - Scott Adams
One man's ways may be as good as another's, but we all like our own best. - Jane Austen
The best way to lose weight is to close your mouth - something very difficult for a politician. Or watch your food - just watch it, don't eat it. - Edward Koch
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves. - William Arthur Ward
No matter the nationality, no matter the religion, no matter the ethnic background, America brings out the best in people. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Words empty as the wind are best left unsaid. - Homer
It is our moral obligation to give every child the very best education possible. - Desmond Tutu
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it. - Sam Ewing
Loving a child doesn't mean giving in to all his whims to love him is to bring out the best in him, to teach him to love what is difficult. - Nadia Boulanger
To all the positions, I just bring the determination to win. Me being an unselfish player, I think that can carry on to my teammates. When you have one of the best players on the court being unselfish, I think that transfers to the other players. - LeBron James
Expect the best, Prepare for the worst. - Muhammad Ali Jinnah
The union movement has been the best middle class job creating program that America has ever had, and it doesn't cost the government a dime. - Andy Stern
The best subjects are always people, who never fail to amaze me by their unpredictability. - Ronnie James Dio
Having lots of siblings is like having built-in best friends. - Kim Kardashian
The best things in life are silly. - Scott Adams
Thinking well to be wise: planning well, wiser: doing well wisest and best of all. - Malcolm Forbes
Perhaps it sounds ridiculous, but the best thing that young filmmakers should do is to get hold of a camera and some film and make a movie of any kind at all. - Stanley Kubrick
Courtesy is a silver lining around the dark clouds of civilization it is the best part of refinement and in many ways, an art of heroic beauty in the vast gallery of man's cruelty and baseness. - Bryant H. McGill
I marvel at the resilience of the Jewish people. Their best characteristic is their desire to remember. No other people has such an obsession with memory. - Elie Wiesel
Every day, people settle for less than they deserve. They are only partially living or at best living a partial life. Every human being has the potential for greatness. - Bo Bennett
Throughout my life I have always been amazed that people couldn't listen to other people, that they couldn't hear their best intent, that there seemed to be an enormous need to demonize. - Warren Farrell
Ideas are elusive, slippery things. Best to keep a pad of paper and a pencil at your bedside, so you can stab them during the night before they get away. - Earl Nightingale
Though bachelors be the strongest stakes, married men are the best binders, in the hedge of the commonwealth. - Thomas Fuller
He is the best sailor who can steer within fewest points of the wind, and exact a motive power out of the greatest obstacles. - Walter Scott
The education of women is the best way to save the environment. - E. O. Wilson
Pride is still aiming at the best houses: Men would be angels, angels would be gods. Aspiring to be gods, if angels fell aspiring to be angels men rebel. - Alexander Pope
Woman's at best a contradiction still. - Alexander Pope
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society. - William Makepeace Thackeray
Being a mother is the best thing that ever happened to me. Before you have your first baby you are a girl and then you become a mother. There is no transition into being a woman you literally become a mum and being a mum means you always love someone else more than yourself and it is an unexplainable situation. - Brigitte Nielsen
God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame. - Elizabeth Barrett Browning
I did the best I could, and in some arenas, my best was not good enough. I've made some bad choices. - Amy Grant
Those men get along best with women who can get along best without them. - Charles Baudelaire
In our so-called democracy we are accustomed to give the majority what they want rather than educate them to understand what is best for them. - Carter G. Woodson
It is our best work that God wants, not the dregs of our exhaustion. I think he must prefer quality to quantity. - George MacDonald
I was blessed with certain gifts and talents and God gave them to me to be the best person I can be and to have a positive impact on other people. - Bryan Clay
Music is the best way for me to say I love you. - Mireille Mathieu
The time that people aren't expecting what's going to happen, I find that's the best time to really cause the damage that needs to be done. - Marilyn Manson
You and I are stuck with the necessity of taking the worst of two evils or none at all. So-I'm taking the immature Democrat as the best of the two. Nixon is impossible. - Harry S. Truman
I just always expect the best because I'm a competitor and if I'm competing, then obviously I'm trying to be better in everything. - Lil Wayne
Our most intimate friend is not he to whom we show the worst, but the best of our nature. - Nathaniel Hawthorne
A Boss in Heaven is the best excuse for a boss on earth, therefore If God did exist, he would have to be abolished. - Mikhail Bakunin
Party-spirit at best is but the madness of many for the gain of a few. - Alexander Pope
My dad was my best friend and greatest role model. He was an amazing dad, coach, mentor, soldier, husband and friend. - Tiger Woods
Yet, it is true, poetry is delicious the best prose is that which is most full of poetry. - Virginia Woolf
The ultimate victory in competition is derived from the inner satisfaction of knowing that you have done your best and that you have gotten the most out of what you had to give. - Howard Cosell
Power will intoxicate the best hearts, as wine the strongest heads. No man is wise enough, nor good enough to be trusted with unlimited power. - Charles Caleb Colton
Beauty ought to look a little surprised: it is the emotion that best suits her face. The beauty who does not look surprised, who accepts her position as her due - she reminds us too much of a prima donna. - E. M. Forster
There are many little ways to enlarge your child's world. Love of books is the best of all. - Jackie Kennedy
When you look good, you feel good. Confidence with what you're wearing is very important. If you feel good, you will always perform your best without worrying about anything. - Maria Sharapova
Like anything else that happens on its own, the act of writing is beyond currency. Money is great stuff to have, but when it comes to the act of creation, the best thing is not to think of money too much. It constipates the whole process. - Stephen King
When I heard the royal family wanted to have me perform in celebration of Prince William's marriage, I knew I had to give them a little something. 'Wet' is the perfect anthem for Prince William or any playa to get the club smokin'. - Snoop Dogg
I don't think there's anything they can say about me that I haven't said about myself already. And I would be an absolute total liar, and my fans would not respect me, if I said that my life and my marriage are perfect. But we absolutely love each other we have fun together - it's great. - Mary J. Blige
On the one hand, the idea of marriage and the sort of traditional family life repulses me. But on the other hand, I long for it, you know what I mean? I'm constantly in conflict with things. And it is because of my past and my upbringing and the journey that I've been on. - Madonna Ciccone
A man's love, till it has been chastened and fastened by the feeling of duty which marriage brings with it, is instigated mainly by the difficulty of pursuit. - Anthony Trollope
People try much less hard to make a marriage work than they used to fifty years ago. Divorce is easier. - Mary Wesley
The death of anti-gay hate speech is no doubt being hastened by the head-spinning speed with which gays as a group - to say nothing of gay marriage - are becoming an unremarkable and even quite traditional parts of American life. - Jeffrey Kluger
Marriage is a lot of things - a source of love, security, the joy of children, but it's also an interpersonal battlefield, and it's not hard to see why: Take two disparate people, toss them together in often-confined quarters, add the stresses of money and kids - now lather, rinse, repeat for the rest of your natural life. What could go wrong? - Jeffrey Kluger
Marriage is a religious and state issue. - Jim DeMint
I've had two terrific relationships, but both ended in marriage. - Jane Seymour
I adore the theater and I am a painter. I think the two are made for a marriage of love. I will give all my soul to prove this once more. - Marc Chagall
Our marriage is between us. If we decide to continue being together or not, it's our business. - Gwyneth Paltrow
There's already a marriage clock, a career clock, a biological clock. Sometimes being a woman feels like standing in the lobby of a hotel, looking at the dials depicting every time zone in the world behind the front desk - except they all apply to you, and all at once. - Sloane Crosley
I would absolutely, definitely never sell my wedding pictures to a magazine. I'd like it to be a special day, not a photo shoot. And once you've done that, your marriage becomes everybody else's business. - Katherine Jenkins
Cross-cultural marriage is difficult, especially when one person has to live in another country. But I thought there was a very good chance of it working because people grow together if they have a common passion. - Imran Khan
Marriage is like paying an endless visit in your worst clothes. - J. B. Priestley
I love the institution of marriage, and I love my marriage. - Kyle Chandler
I think that sense of humor is important in marriage. A sense of humor gets people through marriage. - Kyle Chandler
Marriage is hard work, period. - Kyle Chandler
My grandparents got married at a very young age, and a lot of what I think about marriage is based on their relationship. I watched them over the years and saw how they dealt with everything together, as a team. - Kyle Chandler
My grandparents got married at a very young age, and a lot of what I think about marriage is based on their relationship. - Kyle Chandler
You know, my friends, with what a brave carouse I made a Second Marriage in my house favored old barren reason from my bed, and took the daughter of the vine to spouse. - Omar Khayyam
Most Americans don't care about gay marriage. - Dan Savage
I believe in traditional marriage. - Karl Rove
Well, marriage is a very important part of our culture and our society. If we want to have a hopeful and decent society, we ought to aim for the ideal. - Karl Rove
A marriage is no amusement but a solemn act, and generally a sad one. - Queen Victoria
No Congress ever has seen fit to amend the Constitution to address any issue related to marriage. No Constitutional Amendment was needed to ban polygamy or bigamy, nor was a Constitutional Amendment needed to set a uniform age of majority to ban child marriages. - Judy Biggert
I was born to be married. I just feel comfortable there. I love the idea of being partnered for ever. I love my girlfriend, we've been best friends since I was 18. There's not a thing we haven't been through except for marriage... We've had talks about what we would name our kids since we were in our 20s. - Beth Ditto
I would say that the surest measure of a man's or a woman's maturity is the harmony, style, joy, and dignity he creates in his marriage, and the pleasure and inspiration he provides for his spouse. - Benjamin Spock
Marriage hasn't been my thing. But gay people, knock yourselves out! - Ben Affleck
The way that same-sex marriage should reach the federal level is that it absolutely should be decided by the Supreme Court as quickly as possible. It's a 14th Amendment issue. There's no argument about it. - Tony Kushner
In December 1998, I considered myself an expert on love. I was almost a year into a relationship, one that had grown more slowly than I had wished, but once it flowered it was much more stimulating than any marriage or relationship I had known. - Jane Smiley
I am very old-fashioned about marriage. It is for life and I mean it. I always knew that when I met the right girl, the life I had before - being single, in a band, girls everywhere - would be over. - Gary Numan
Brands mature over time, like a marriage. The bond you feel with your spouse is different than when you first met each other. Excitement and discovery are replaced by comfort and depth. - Gary Vaynerchuk
I don't have this fantasy about marriage anymore. Everyone says it takes hard work. Well, it kind of does - and I'm much more pragmatic about romance than I used to be. - Jennifer Garner
The rule with marriage is the less you talk about it the better, as far as I can tell. - Jennifer Garner
While 45 of the 50 States have either a State constitutional amendment or a statute that preserves the current definition of marriage, left-wing activist judges and officials at the local levels have struck down State laws protecting marriage. - John Boehner
And that is why marriage and family law has emphasized the importance of marriage as the foundation of family, addressing the needs of children in the most positive way. - John Boehner
When David Arquette and I got engaged we started therapy together. I'd heard that the first year of marriage is the hardest, so we decided to work through all that stuff early. - Courteney Cox
Is marriage for ever? I think you get married with the intention that it will be, but who knows? - Courteney Cox
It's so easy to grow apart marriage takes work. - Courteney Cox
Marriage is an institution, and you must be fully committed to it. - Gene Simmons
I don't know if I'm built for marriage. - Jamie Foxx
Sometimes divorce is better than marriage. - Sumner Redstone
I'm an advocate for gay marriage. I have more gay friends than Carter has pills. - Patti Stanger
On both 'The Bachelor' and 'The Bachelorette,' it seems like proposing marriage is equivalent to saying, 'Let's date.' Everyone knows those aren't the same things. - Patti Stanger
The marriage didn't work out but the separation is great. - Liz Smith
Traditional marriage is what should be sanctioned. - Jeb Bush
Coming to terms with the fact that my marriage was a failure was devastating and very difficult. - Sarah McLachlan
It's all kind of a big illusion: the white picket fence and the perfect marriage and the kids. Check that box off, check that box off, and move forward. - Sarah McLachlan
I have a lot of respect for marriage. - Dominic Monaghan
This marriage is no one's business but our own. - Bobby Darin
In marriage, compromise nurtures the relationship. - Tim Allen
I was gone so much in my first marriage. I love the moments when I engage with my youngest daughter now. It's not my thing to sit on the ground and play tea party, but I'll do it because it's a moment that will stick with me forever. - Tim Allen
I believe in the institution of marriage. Of course being a Mormon, we believe in eternity rather than just till death do us part. If you really try hard, if you make it work, it's blissful. But I also know a marriage that isn't working can be painful. - Donny Osmond
The truth is you can have a great marriage, but there are still no guarantees. - Demi Moore
Well you know, I think a lot of us in marriage know that you play different roles at different times. And Mitt can get very intense, and I can have the ability to kind of talk him off the rails sometimes and say, 'Hey let's look at what is really important and let's do that now.' - Ann Romney
In marriage, it's always that give and take and rebalancing that we have to do in how we can help each other. But, I have been known at times by my sons, that is the name that they call me-the Mitt stabilizer. - Ann Romney
God invented concubinage, satan marriage. - Francis Picabia
You know, there were major problems in my marriage. - Hulk Hogan
I believe wholeheartedly in marriage. I don't exclusively mean a marriage with a legal contract, but any relationship that constitutes a marriage because of the quality of their relationship. - Helen Reddy
I think that two people who decide to live together in a marriage situation, they have an obligation to make the marriage work for them. - Helen Reddy
Studies have consistently shown that financial hardship is the biggest obstacle to heterosexual marriage, yet the Republican leadership has done precious little to help address the financial hardship faced by American families. - Kendrick Meek
For me it's also - the music is equally as important. I mean I think as somebody who writes music, there just has to sort of be the marriage between both. - Katey Sagal
We'll sort of get over the marriage first and then maybe look at the kids. But obviously we want a family so we'll have to start thinking about that. - Prince William
Marriage is a coming together for better or for worse, hopefully enduring, and intimate to the degree of being sacred. - William O. Douglas
But I will agree that I think that things happen with people in relationships, that you might have been able to enjoy Morocco, say, if you weren't getting out of a bad marriage. You know what I mean? - Robert Downey, Jr.
I don't think young men or women should feel pressured into marriage. You shouldn't marry anyone, in my opinion, who you have to try hard for. - Rachael Ray
I've always been wary of marriage. - Cynthia Nixon
During the periods in my marriage when I chose to stay home with my kids rather than work as an attorney, it caused me no end of anxiety. Despite the fact that I knew I was contributing to our family by caring for our children, I still felt that my worth was less because I wasn't earning. - Ayelet Waldman
My kids have moved more in their twenties, you know, than my parents have moved in nearly 40-something years of marriage before they died. So there's a part of me that laments what we have lost, and that is a sense of community. - Mike Huckabee
I am much more open to plural marriage than I was before, and I now support it in certain situations. I do believe it is right for some people. But our example in America today is gross abuse - I can't support it in fundamentalist compounds. - Ginnifer Goodwin
Provincial governments in Canada have terminated the positions of marriage commissioners who have, for personal religious convictions, not performed same sex marriages. It has happened in Saskatchewan. - Stockwell Day
Bishop Frederick Henry of Calgary is facing at least two official objections to his public statements along with expensive hearings before the Alberta Human Rights Commission for expressing his biblical views on same sex marriage. - Stockwell Day
Our national media refuses to report that even the Supreme Court did not say marriage was a human right in all cases nor did it say that the heterosexual definition violated anyone's right or that the heterosexual definition of marriage was unconstitutional. - Stockwell Day
Marriage commissioners who choose not to marry homosexuals are being fired. A Knights of Columbus chapter in British Columbia is in court because it chooses not allow a lesbian group to use its facility for marriage ceremonies. The list goes on. - Stockwell Day
My parents did not have a perfect marriage. It was pretty good, but it was not perfect. My marriage is not perfect. My wife is, but I happen to be imperfect. However, that does not discount the fact that the definition of marriage must be defended and protected. - Stockwell Day
I have to be asked, I guess, but I love the idea of marriage. I think it's beautiful. I'm such a romantic, and I always have been. - Portia de Rossi
Marriage, in life, is like a duel in the midst of a battle. - Edmond About
There are many things that keep me from getting married. But there will be a time when marriage makes sense to me. - Adam Levine
I think marriage is ghastly. - Rupert Everett
I love the idea of marriage. I definitely want marriage and little Kellans running around. - Kellan Lutz
I don't know what my version of a relationship or marriage is yet, because the typical model seems a little broken to me. - Michelle Williams
In 1977 we played America and Europe three times, and Japan - my marriage suffered as a result. My then wife took the kids to Canada to be near her parents. - Phil Collins
I'd love to have First Lady Michelle Obama over and ask, 'How do you make your marriage work?' I think the president is sexy as all get-out, but he has got to get on her nerves some kind of way. He's this wonderful, powerful man, but she sees him leaving his socks on the floor. - Sherri Shepherd
Well, my view before was a Western view, and I certainly understand marriage equality and civil rights, equal rights for all, but having visited developing nations and some of the poorest nations in the world, I realize how deep it goes and how much work really needs to be done to create equality for all. - Jason Mraz
And in a marriage you can't TRY and be married. You're married or you're not married... as far as I'm concerned. - Ringo Starr
Success is hard in general for most women. We now have such busy lives, and we're told we can do everything - you know, we can have the relationship and the marriage and the kids and the career. - Cat Deeley
There were times after my marriage ended where, you know, I really felt like I was at the bottom of a mountain, there was a great big, fog up there, and I'm never going to cross to the other side. - Lynn Redgrave
I don't want marriage. You know why? Because I did that. I did it for 32 years. - Lynn Redgrave
Marriage is the mother of the world. It preserves kingdoms, and fills cities and churches, and heaven itself. - Jeremy Taylor
I support gay marriage. I support gay marriage because I believe Conservatives support the institutions of commitment. - George Osborne
The value of marriage is not that adults produce children but that children produce adults. - Peter De Vries
It is statistically proven that the strongest institution that guarantees procreation and continuity of the generations is marriage between one man and one woman. We don't want genocide. We don't want to destroy the sacred institution of marriage. - Alveda King
People need jobs, people need happy and successful lives there should be marriage between one man and one woman, there should the value of person from conception until natural death. - Alveda King
I'm always told that what I say is controversial. Why is it controversial? Because I speak from a tradition that has now fallen out of favor with the dominant media in this country. And so when I say things like marriage should be between one man and one woman, I'm called a bigot. - Rick Santorum
Marriage can be expensive, and if I lose millions then it'll be the best millions I've spent. - Seth Rogen
I don't do marriage. I think it's incredibly naff. And I don't like vulgar displays of ostentation. - Jenny Eclair
The biggest problem in my life is trying to be the kind of man that I want to be, the father that I want to be, and how to process the failure of my marriage. - Ethan Hawke
The secret of a good marriage is forgiving your partner for marrying you in the first place. - Sacha Guitry
Marriage to Fernando offered shelter and security, but the shackle was the price I'd pay. - Esther Williams
I had a very wise person tell me that he thinks marriage, when you're younger, you keep thinking you can fix things. That's what people do. And you can't really fix anything. It shouldn't be a massive difficult thing every day. Life's difficult enough. - Albert Brooks
Same-sex marriage would eliminate entirely in law the basic idea of a mother and a father for every child. It would create a society which deliberately chooses to deprive a child of either a mother or a father. - Keith O'Brien
Marriage is too interesting an experiment to be tried only once. - Eva Gabor
I've often thought if I didn't make my marriage work, I would have failed at my one true shot at happiness. - Bethenny Frankel
You have to work for everything. Marriage should not be any different. - Bethenny Frankel
Marriage is something that needs to be worked on every day. I don't know if I'm the one to give marital advice since I've only been married for a little over a year, but marriage is certainly easier if you are open, trusting and loving. - Emily Blunt
Any sex outside of the marriage bond between a man and a woman is violating God's law. - Jerry Falwell
I think one reason for a successful marriage is laughter. I think laughter gets you through the rough moments in a marriage. - Bob Newhart
I was sent to a nice Church of England girls' school and at that time, after university, a woman was expected to become a teacher, a nurse or a missionary - prior to marriage. - Kate Adie
Well, you know, the definition of second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience. - George Will
Seeing unhappiness in the marriage of friends, I was content to have chosen music and laughter as a substitute for a husband. - Elsa Maxwell
How do you explain the bond between man and wife? Well, for one thing, it's private. What people do in their own marriage is their own business. - Robin Gibb
My first marriage was totally unsuitable and shouldn't have happened. It was a whirlwind, rebound thing. I was 23 or 24 - a baby. - Carol Vorderman
Above all, we must have great respect for these people who also suffer and who want to find their own way of correct living. On the other hand, to create a legal form of a kind of homosexual marriage, in reality, does not help these people. - Joseph Ratzinger
I find it disturbing that the media keeps referring to my marriage, since I got divorced in 1979. But the media never wants to let me forget. - Bianca Jagger
My marriage had been impulsive. That marriage should have been short-lived instead of the 23 years it spanned. - Joseph Barbera
The Amateur Marriage grew out of the reflection that of all the opportunities to show differences in character, surely an unhappy marriage must be the richest. - Anne Tyler
Well, marriage doesn't function in the way it used to in terms of deciding our fate, but it's in our heads, and it determines a lot of our actions. Like, right now, if you think about gay marriage - and they just started having the first gay marriages in New York - it shows what a potent idea marriage remains for people. - Jeffrey Eugenides
My second marriage had a lot to do with alcohol. - Mercedes McCambridge
It is a fact that all women contribute more to marriage than men for the most part they have to change their place of living, their method of work, a great many women today changing their occupation entirely on marriage and they must even change their name. - Agnes Macphail
Do the bishops seriously imagine that legalising gay marriage will result in thousands of parties to heterosexual marriages suddenly deciding to get divorced so they can marry a person of the same sex? - Malcolm Turnbull
There is no greater excitement than to support an intellectual wife and have her support you. Marriage is a partnership in which each inspires the other, and brings fruition to both of you. - Millicent Carey McIntosh
A successful marriage isn't necessarily one that lasts until you're dead. - Ellen Barkin
I was very influenced by the musicals and romantic comedies of the 1930s. I admired Gene Harlow and such, which probably explains why, since the end of my marriage, I've dated nothing but a succession of blondes. - Hugh Hefner
I haven't been faithful to my wife. Our marriage has been tainted with my infidelities. I was irresponsible. - David Boreanaz
I should have been out there having a wild time like all the other girls my age, but I wasn't. I was going home every night to what was, initially, a very happy marriage. - Amanda Holden
How long before we have, not just homosexual marriage, but homosexual unions between adult men and small boys? - Randall Terry
Obviously, marriage is not a synonym for morality. But stable marriages and families do encourage moral behavior. - Gary Bauer
There is something wrong with our culture when the view that marriage is between one man and one woman, a view shared by half the nation, is portrayed as evidence of hatred. - Gary Bauer
If Republicans want to be seen as more compassionate, they should continue to stand proudly for the sanctify of life and marriage. And they should do so without apologizing. - Gary Bauer
Particularly black Americans, many of them, from quotes that I have seen and conversations I've had, are sort of insulted that the civil rights movement is being hijacked - the rhetoric of the civil rights movement is being hijacked for something like same sex marriage. Black Americans tend to have a higher degree of religiosity. - Gary Bauer
My argument is simple, which is, that for several thousand years in Western civilization, marriage has been the union of one man and one woman. Research is overwhelming that children need mothers and fathers. - Gary Bauer
If one is going to change the definition of marriage to be, quote, 'same sex,' then there is absolutely no valid argument constitutionally or rhetorically you can make against multiple people getting married. These are radical social changes. - Gary Bauer
Independence doesn't - doesn't equate to moderates. Millions of independents are pro-life. Millions of independents believe marriage is between a man and a woman. - Gary Bauer
I ran to my marriage, I was happily ready to take on marriage. - Mark Ruffalo
The weaker partner in a marriage is the one who loves the most. - Eleanora Duse
Marriage is like a formality for me. - David Copperfield
No, I think marriage is a great thing. - David Copperfield
I also think it was important for me and Freddie to be able to have a lot of time to share our lives at the beginning of our marriage rather than my coming home at 9 or 10 at night from the set. Things have really worked out for the best for both of us. - Sarah Michelle Gellar
Homosexuality is against nature. Sexual expression is permitted only within marriage, between man and woman, male and female. Anything else is an abnormality and is against nature. - Pope Shenouda III
I like being independent. I don't think that marriage means you're not independent, but right now I'm very comfortable, and I'm probably the happiest I've ever been. I feel solid. I feel safe. - Sandra Lee
I'm an activist for gay marriage equality and children's rights. I'm the face of Share Our Strength. - Sandra Lee
I know that the odds are against a marriage lasting 60 years. - Darrell Royal
My parents separated when I was four. It wasn't the smoothest of divorces, but then as my mother always says, you can't have a passionate marriage without a passionate divorce. - Sophie Ellis Bextor
In the 1960s we were fighting to be recognized as equals in the marketplace, in marriage, in education and on the playing field. It was a very exciting, rebellious time. - Marlo Thomas
She got the magazine on a Wednesday morning, and on Thursday announced our marriage was over. - David Gest
After 45 years of marriage, when I have an argument with my wife, if we don't agree, we do what she wants. But, when we agree, we do what I want! - Jacques Pepin
Even though marriage is doomed, if you turned it into a job you like and really work at it - it can be salvaged. - Al Goldstein
The only way marriage can work is if a man respects the woman and she is a thinking woman and he wants to work on the marriage. - Al Goldstein
Ultimately, I believe the only secret to a happy marriage is choosing the right person. Life is a series of choices, right? - Michelle Pfeiffer
I'm extremely fascinated by marriage. I want to study marriage. I want to learn about it. I want to know it. I want to figure out whether or not I want to do it. I'm not just going to leap into it, because that's not good for anybody. - Adam Levine
This is a good time to ask apologists for the Islamic regime, who degrades Islam? Who imposes stoning, forced marriage of underage girls and flogging for not wearing the veil? Do such practices represent Iran's ancient history and culture, its ethnic and religious diversity? Its centuries of sensual and subversive poetry? - Azar Nafisi
I love marriage. I failed at marriage, but I'd rather go into anything with gusto and fail than go into it half-assed. - Kirstie Alley
For the life of me, I don't understand what honest motive there is in putting this in front of this body to philosophically debate marriage on a constitutional amendment that is not going to happen, and which is enormously divisive in all of our communities. - Dianne Feinstein
What I've learned about marriage: You need to have each other's back you have to be a kind of team going through life. - Tom Petty
A marriage contract to me is as binding as any in business, and I have always believed in sticking to an agreement. - Paul Getty
I have never been given to envy - save for the envy I feel toward those people who have the ability to make a marriage work and endure happily. - Paul Getty
I do support a constitutional amendment on marriage between a man and a woman, but I would not be going into the states to overturn their state law. - Michele Bachmann
It's funny - I read that women look to chiseled-faced guys for one-night stands, and to round-faced guys for marriage. When I'm rounder in the face, I like to say, 'This is my long-term look.' Or 'This is my wife-and-kids look right here.' - Garrett Hedlund
I'm not a marriage expert, quite clearly. - Cathy Freeman
You can't wake up one day and say 'I'm for gay marriage,' and wake up the next day and say 'I'm against it.' Wake up one day and say, 'I'm pro-choice,' and the next day wake up and say, 'I'm pro-life.' There's no credibility there. - Roger Stone
I don't know if I believe in marriage. I believe in family, love and children. - Penelope Cruz
I realize that of all people, I am no expert on parenting or marriage. - Mika Brzezinski
I suffered from a mild case of postpartum depression after my second child and the physical challenge of maintaining an overnight shift at CBS, a marriage, and two in diapers made the symptoms worse and everyone in the house paid the price. - Mika Brzezinski
Marriage of attraction is a gamble anyway, so you might as well marry into a family that is similar to your own, and make that much less of an adjustment. But the 'love marriage', as it is called, is equally common in India now. But it would be interesting to do a comparison of what would work better. Marriage is hard work, and it is a gamble. - Mira Nair
My older sister was at the cusp of new wave, and I had older brothers from my father's first marriage who were rock 'n' roll guys, so I was exposed to a lot of popular culture. - Paul Thomas Anderson
I'm a heathen when it comes to marriage. - Greta Scacchi
Since 1970, relationships can be more volatile, jobs more ephemeral, geographical mobility more intensified, stability of marriage weaker. - Mary Douglas
I still believe in marriage. - Frank Bruno
If someone talks about union, fidelity, a monogamous relationship, love, blessing I would say it sounds like marriage to me. And blessing, you see, I think is undermining our sacrament of marriage. - George Carey
It is better to be unhappy in love than unhappy in marriage, but some people manage to be both. - Guy de Maupassant
Marriage, laws, the police, armies and navies are the mark of human incompetence. - Dora Russell
My first marriage was very traditional, in the church, and then we left the church and went to the reception hall. So this time, I'd like to go fairy tale all the way. - NeNe Leakes
My parents had a great marriage. Interestingly, it made it harder for me in relationships because I knew what a good relationship looked like. - Candace Bushnell
I refused David Letterman's proposal of marriage for obvious reasons, but thanks for asking. - Teri Garr
Who of us is mature enough for offspring before the offspring themselves arrive? The value of marriage is not that adults produce children but that children produce adults. - Peter De Vries
I am hoping this is my year to have children. I understand that I am possibly more European in my views of marriage. I am not going to say I'm not going to get married, but it's not my priority. - Emily Procter
My mom and my dad were married 56 years, and the fact that I reconciled with my dad I think made their marriage a little bit better as well. - Larry Elder
Love is not weakness. It is strong. Only the sacrament of marriage can contain it. - Boris Pasternak
I believe I went through a divorce. My relationship with Ellen is no less significant as a marriage than my relationship to Coley. - Anne Heche
Isn't that the ultimate homeland security, standing up and defending marriage? - Rick Santorum
Every society in the history of man has upheld the institution of marriage as a bond between a man and a woman. Why? Because society is based on one thing: that society is based on the future of the society. And that's what? Children. Monogamous relationships. - Rick Santorum
The Obama administration now has regulations that tells them that they can no longer promote marriage to these young girls. They can no longer promote marriage as a way of avoiding poverty and bad choices that they make in their life. They can no longer even teach abstinence education. They have to be neutral with respect to how people behave. - Rick Santorum
You know for many elected officials they all started in the same place. You know marriage is between a man and a woman, but they understand that they are moving inevitably, catching up to the American public. - James McGreevey
Civil union is less than marriage. Marriage is a sacred and valued institution and ought to be afforded equal protection. - James McGreevey
My parents' marriage was very rocky. They were always arguing. When they split up when I was in my 20s, my brother and I were both delighted because we knew they weren't good for each other. - Gail Porter
Of course, the simple explanation of the fact is that marriage is the most important act of man's life in Europe or America, and that everything depends upon it. - Lafcadio Hearn
French novels generally treat of the relations of women to the world and to lovers, after marriage consequently there is a great deal in French novels about adultery, about improper relations between the sexes, about many things which the English public would not allow. - Lafcadio Hearn
My marriage? Up to now everything's okay. But it's a real marriage - imperfect and very difficult. It's all about people evolving somewhat simultaneously through their lives. I think we've emotionally evolved. - Jamie Lee Curtis
My mother and stepfather were married 43 years, so I have watched a long marriage. I feel like I had a very good role model for that. And, you know, it's just a number. - Jamie Lee Curtis
I decided he'd changed so much that a whole new book was required and that book actually I can say so was the first to say that the marriage was in trouble and the Prince didn't like at all and my book was being serialized in the Sunday Times over five weeks. - Anthony Holden
My parents separated when I was four. It wasn't the smoothest of divorces, but then as my mother always says, 'You can't have a passionate marriage without a passionate divorce.' - Sophie Ellis-Bextor
Marriage gives you a new respect for a person. - Katharine McPhee
Whether it be a matter of personal relations within a marriage or political initiatives within a peace process, there is no sure-fire do-it-yourself kit. - Seamus Heaney
Redefining marriage will have huge implications for what is taught in our schools, and for wider society. It will redefine society since the institution of marriage is one of the fundamental building blocks of society. The repercussions of enacting same-sex marriage into law will be immense. - Keith O'Brien
I think the institution of marriage is a great idea, but for me it's just an idea. - Lara Flynn Boyle
Marriage was all a woman's idea and for man's acceptance of the pretty yoke, it becomes us to be grateful. - Phyllis McGinley
I prepare myself for rehearsals like I would for marriage. - Maria Callas
What is marriage but prostitution to one man instead of many? - Angela Carter
My relationship with Dean was great, but ultimately it wasn't a fulfilling marriage for either of us. - LeAnn Rimes
My mother, brave woman, lost her whole family when she decided to marry a black man in the '60s. When the marriage fell apart, she had to come back to her family. - Lisa Bonet
I rise today in support of Bill C-38, the Civil Marriage Act. I rise in support of a Canada in which liberties are safeguarded, rights are protected and the people of this land are treated as equals under the law. - Paul Martin
Marriage made more sense when it was indissoluble. It's the woman trying to cope with the strains of a one-parent family who will suffer most from the relaxation of the divorce laws. - Germaine Greer
I never thought my marriage could be stronger, or I could be closer to Bill. We prayed on our own, but now we prayed together and you'll never know how much that means until you do it. - Giuliana Rancic
Marriage ain't easy, but it's great most of the time. - Sean Penn
To me, marriage is partly a religious thing and I'm not religious. - Alastair Campbell
I'm not eager to jump into marriage again. I'm in the corner right now, wearing my dunce cap. That area is obviously a nightmare. - Lisa Marie Presley
What is fascinating about marriage is why anyone wants to get married. - Alain de Botton
The great secret of a successful marriage is to treat all disasters as incidents and none of the incidents as disasters. - Harold Nicolson
I went nearly 30 years without being able to really seriously entertain marriage or a family. In fact, the word 'marriage' would actually give me a shake when it was brought up. - Nancy Grace
I think the institute of marriage is a noble thing. The idea of a partner for life is incredibly romantic. But now we're living to 100. A hundred years ago people were dying at age 37. Til death do us part was a much different deal. - Debra Messing
I never thought I'd spend all my life with Gary. I suppose I was quite cynical about marriage. But with Jude, I knew right from the beginning: there was an electricity I'd never felt before. It was so easy, we talked for hours. It was a relief, really. - Sadie Frost
I guess because the shows were activist in their own way - the marriage of my public activism and my career activism, you know - people understand me very well. They also understand there's a very strong bipartisan part in all of this. - Norman Lear
I honestly believe you can never tell if a relationship is going to last. In my own marriage, which is going on 14 years, I don't think of it as 'I'm going to be with this person forever.' Instead, I think of more like, 'I'll probably be with this person for the next six weeks. Then I'll re-evaluate.' - Michael Ian Black
The Southern slave would obey God in respect to marriage, and also to the reading and studying of His word. But this, as we have seen, is forbidden him. - Gerrit Smith
I don't know why, but the older I get the more interested I get in my parents' marriage. And it's interesting to be married yourself, too, because there is an inevitable comparison. - Jhumpa Lahiri
My parents had an arranged marriage, as did so many other people when I was growing up. My father came and had a life in the United States one way and my mother had a different one, and I was very aware of those things. I continue to wonder about it, and I will continue to write about it. - Jhumpa Lahiri
I am fairly classless because it is very difficult to class someone who comes from a mixed marriage. - Sade Adu
There is a big misconception about arranged marriage. Yes, it can mean that you meet someone and then have to marry them, but this was my mother saying, 'I'm going to introduce you to so-and-so - If you don't like them, fair enough.' - Archie Panjabi
Marriage is an institution and that's where a couple finish up. - Les Dawson
No person connected with me by blood or marriage will be appointed to office. - Rutherford B. Hayes
In a sacred ground like marriage, you find yourself out of it at certain times for reasons unknown that can be destructive. There could be a demon that kind of comes out and overtakes you. - David Boreanaz
I think that, as with marriage, you just know when it's time to have kids. - Ashley Judd
Marriage is about the most expensive way for the average man to get laundry done. - Burt Reynolds
American couples have gone to such lengths to avoid the interference of in-laws that they have to pay marriage counselors to interfere between them. - Florence King
The marriage of a man and woman is the most enduring human institution, honored in all cultures and by every religious faith. It's in this institution that children are meant to be nurtured. We know this after thousands of years of human experience. - Jeff Miller
Marriage is sacred and protected and has nothing to do with violating our civil rights. - Jack Kingston
If we change the definition of marriage to be more inclusive, then it is logical to argue that we should broaden the definition so that won't exclude anyone. - Jack Kingston
But whether a couple is a man and a woman has everything to do with the meaning of marriage. - Jack Kingston
Marriage encourages the men and women who together create life to unite in a bond for the protection of children. - Jack Kingston
Marriage cannot be severed from its cultural, religious and natural roots without weakening the good influence of society. - Jack Kingston
So far, 44 States, or 88 percent of the States, have enacted laws providing that marriage shall consist of a union between a man and a woman. Only 75 percent of the States are required to approve a constitutional amendment. - Jack Kingston
When I talk about the importance of the institution of marriage, I think of the commitment and the significance of standing in front of those closest to you and promising fidelity to your partner 'til death do you part.' - Mark Udall
I support allowing gay couples to marry because of - not in spite of - my values. And many of those values are the same ones deeply held by those who do not believe in gay marriage. - Mark Udall
Marriage is a team effort. Both of us share that philosophy. - Nick Lachey
Sooner or later they are going to live in a New York City where gay marriage is not only legal, but it's common and they don't even notice. - Anthony Weiner
I've exchanged messages and photos of an explicit nature with about six women over the last three years. For the most part, these communications took place before my marriage, though some have sadly took place after. To be clear, I have never met any of these women or had physical relationships at any time. - Anthony Weiner
There was no religious ceremony connected with marriage among us, while on the other hand the relation between man and woman was regarded as in itself mysterious and holy. - Charles Eastman
If I felt, in the event of a royal wedding, inspired to write about people coming together in marriage or civil partnership, I would just be grateful to have an idea for the poem. And if I didn't, I'd ignore it. - Carol Ann Duffy
But I wanted marriage for myself. I was not calculating about it. I wish I was more calculating. - Linda McCartney
I wasn't looking for another marriage. I had been married before. He is a nice man - a geologist, an Ernest Hemingway type. But Paul and I married because of convention. - Linda McCartney
If it's not working before you get married, marriage isn't going to fix it. - Courtney Thorne Smith
I was a Christian. I didn't want to have sex before marriage, I was a bit uptight and not very self-confident. I was a virgin until I was 26. - Jimmy Carr
I think the Mother is gradually revealing itself to me and taking over. But it is not the Mother alone. It is the Mother and the Father, the male and the female, sort of gradually having their marriage. - Bede Griffiths
When a marriage culture fails, sexual desire no longer unites instead it fragments. - Maggie Gallagher
Same-sex marriage is not the future. - Maggie Gallagher
Europe, which gave us the idea of same-sex marriage, is a dying society, with birthrates 50 percent below replacement. - Maggie Gallagher
Since I've been in the U.S. I've lost the back of my heart, 15 ft. of intestine and my marriage - and God, I miss my intestine. - Nigel Lythgoe
Yes, the marriage proposal was shot. Michael excluded the dialogue from the final edit. - Madeleine Stowe
Marriage isn't a carnival ride. - Aisha Tyler
I was just so lucky to have a wonderful life after a tough marriage. - Lynn Johnston
Each marriage has to be judged separately, and we never know what's going on in another person's marriage. - Mary Wesley
My father was a soldier and my mother was a great mover. She once counted up how many places she had lived in during the first 25 years of her marriage and it came to 20. - Mary Wesley
We can't destroy the inequities between men and women until we destroy marriage. - Robin Morgan
Marriage is overdone. As long as there are people, people are going to find it interesting. - Augusten Burroughs
Do not miss your children's childhood. Do not be away 200 nights a year as I was. Do not put strains on your marriage or family. - Joe Scarborough
I definitely believe in marriage. - Michael Strahan
I think long-lasting, healthy relationships are more important than the idea of marriage. At the root of every successful marriage is a strong partnership. - Carson Daly
To seduce a woman famous for strict morals, religious fervor and the happiness of her marriage: what could possibly be more prestigious? - Christopher Hampton
It's only fair that stable gay relationships of long standing should have the same rights and responsibilities as married couples. I know the image of gay marriage is to some people horrific and ludicrous. - Ian Mckellen
It's nice to be able to work I'd love to be able to do another TV show I could do in Chicago so I could live and work in the same place. It's hard being a parent and being in a good marriage, and it all takes a lot of work, but if you're not there you can't do any of it. - Joan Cusack
I oppose any attempt to grant homosexual unions the same legal privileges that civil government affords to traditional marriage and family life. - Todd Akin
We need uniform protection of traditional marriage. You can't have different definitions on something as fundamental as marriage. The Marriage Protection Amendment is the only solution to this problem. - Ernest Istook
Out of control judicial activism threatens traditional marriage in America. - Ernest Istook
I have married thriteen couples. I'm about to do a marriage next month. - Sally Kirkland
I think it's best if there's an amendment that goes on the ballot where the people can weigh in. Every time this issue has gone on the ballot, the people have voted to retain the traditional definition of marriage as recently as California in 2008. - Michele Bachmann
I think you may see again a rise at the federal government level for a - a call for the federal constitutional amendment, because people want to make sure that this definition of marriage remains secure, because after all, the family is the fundamental unit of government. - Michele Bachmann
Their lives have been largely defined by failure and you would think the prospect of marriage, which is supposed to be bountiful and hopeful, it's just really another kind of tangential thing in his life. - Thomas Haden Church
Obama's position on marriage is brazenly cynical. - David Limbaugh
The biggest surprise about our marriage is that Erin was out there. - James Denton
I say I never wanna get married. I feel trapped with the idea of marriage. How can you really be with somebody forever? I'd get bored! As I get older, I don't settle. I'd rather tell somebody 'This is what I want - take it or leave it.' - Amanda Bynes
To be honest, marriage doesn't scare me and that, it's just once you've been together for so long, if you haven't got any kids it's just a big expensive day out for everyone else to enjoy, isn't it? - Karl Pilkington
I'm not really interested in thinking about marriage or kids at all. - Stacy Keibler
Marriage takes work - it doesn't just happen. - Lara Stone
I've never quite understood why people marry marriage is just an invented structure. - Julie Christie
I think gay marriage should be the national law. - Rose McGowan
I would like it to be known that I have decided not to marry Group Capt. Peter Townsend. Mindful of the church's teaching that Christian marriage is indissoluble, and conscious of my duty to the Commonwealth, I have resolved to put these considerations before any others. - Princess Margaret
We all have a childhood dream that when there is love, everything goes like silk, but the reality is that marriage requires a lot of compromise. - Raquel Welch
A lot of people seem to want to make the institution of marriage substitute for a real relationship. - Susan Faludi
You never go into a marriage expecting to get divorced. You go into a marriage expecting it's going to last forever, and you have a lot of ways you dream about the future. You have all these expectations, and then you have to adjust those expectations, and it can be a very unnerving, confusing time. - Jenna Fischer
I don't know what makes a marriage work. My husband and I don't have it right at all it's very tough on him. From the outside it looks like it's all about me - I have a glorious career and he doesn't. - Emily Watson
After 14 years, it better be a real marriage, you know? We do have a great time together. We are really lucky. - Kyra Sedgwick
There are going to be peaks and valleys in everything - in your marriage, in your job, in your life. So just enjoy the peaks and ride out the valleys. Just try not to do anything too rash. - Ricky Schroder
Good production is like a beautiful marriage. It makes a happy home. - Timbaland
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the definition of a marriage as between one man and one woman. - Randy Neugebauer
Thousands of years and many civilizations have defined a marriage as the union between one man and one woman. With few exceptions, those civilizations that did not follow that perished. - Randy Neugebauer
Forty-five States, as the gentleman just said, have determined by people that were elected by the people of that State that marriage is the definition of one man and one woman. - Randy Neugebauer
I figure no matter how old you are, it's always going to be your first marriage and no life experience is going to make you a better judge of who you should marry. - Utada Hikaru
Either marriage is a destiny, I believe, or there is no sense in it at all, it's a piece of humbug. - Max Frisch
Gay marriage has jumped out of the closet on to the front page. Everyone from the president of the U.S. to retired four-star general Colin Powell is embracing the issue, now supported by most Americans. Still, a few people, like former First Lady Laura Bush appear to be conflicted. - Kitty Kelley
It was the courts, of course, that took away prayer from our schools, that took away Bible reading from our schools. It's the courts that gave us same-sex marriage. So it is quite a battlefield, and the Supreme Court is the highest court in the land. - Rod Parsley
I was one of 14 senators to vote against the Defense of Marriage Act. I thought it was a harsh and unnecessary thing to do to people across this country who care enough about each other to want to be married. - Russ Feingold
At my core, what I think we need to do is to get the basics right again. We need to rebuild our family structure, stay away from redefining marriage, and stand by marriage as a union between a man and a woman. - Sam Brownback
I believe in the sanctity of marriage. - Sam Brownback
My own early crusade for same-sex marriage, for example, is now mainstream gay politics. It wasn't when I started. - Andrew Sullivan
When I first started talking about gay marriage, most people in the gay community looked at me as if I was insane or possibly a fascist reactionary. - Andrew Sullivan
So I really did stop and change what I saw I was about, and really try to put that principle into play as the center of everything - my friendships, my marriage, my career, my family, my way of being in the world. And that changed everything for me. - Kathy Mattea
People ask what the secret of a happy marriage is. If there is one, it's 'don't talk about it.' - Jane Asher
I look back to when I got divorced in the late 1970s. When that happened, I was so broken up. After that, I decided to seek God for my life and my next marriage. - Ricky Skaggs
I took the fear of marriage from my parents' relationship, because I didn't want to end up in a relationship like that, whereas my brothers and sisters learnt a lesson from it and made sure they didn't carry it on into their own marriages. - John Mahoney
I don't think he cheated on me. During the marriage, I think he was there. - Marla Maples
I was made to believe there was a plan in place for ending Donald's previous marriage. I pulled away because I wanted to allow him the time to deal with his wife. - Marla Maples
My parents were both from Scotland, but had been resident in Lower Canada some time before their marriage, which took place in Montreal and in that city I spent most of my life. - Maria Monk
I have a very intense marriage. - James Ellroy
I'm looking forward to talking to Bill Parcells, too, and to seeing how that marriage with Jerry Jones goes. - Lisa Guerrero
Let me first state that I believe that marriage is a sacred union between one man and one woman. - Judy Biggert
Second, marriage is an issue that our Founding Fathers wisely left to the states. - Judy Biggert
In a broken marriage, it can be challenging and tough to get that work/life balance. I love performing but I also love being a mum, and I hate having to choose between them. - Toni Braxton
I had a happy marriage and a nice wife. I accomplished everything you can. What more can you want? - Max Schmeling
I went through a long period of time in that marriage when I didn't believe anything was my fault. I had to face what my part was, and only because of that difficult work was I able to trust a man again. - Connie Sellecca
I do not support a constitutional amendment to prohibit gay marriage. - Corrine Brown
Marriage has historically been in the domain of the States to regulate. - Corrine Brown
I've always believed the two best anti-poverty programs are work and marriage. - Jim Talent
The old welfare system was hurting people by discouraging work and marriage. Welfare reform, and now this legislation, will build on the understanding that work and strong families are the foundation upon which we build our future. - Jim Talent
I think that marriage is an amazing institution and should be preserved, and you can have great marriages, and you must because sharing your life with someone is like the greatest thing. And I loved being able to set a good example for that on television. - Jenna Elfman
I think I'm a combination of very simple pleasures and the fact I've read a lot of books. I don't think it's a binary opposition across the board in humans and I think I'm an example that it's not. I'm hosting gay marriage rallies and I have tons of guns at home. There's a lot of middle ground in the world and I'm one of those people. - Dax Shepard
Men act out like they're horrified by marriage, but when they find the woman of their dreams, they love it. - Rachel Hunter
Marriage may often be a stormy lake, but celibacy is almost always a muddy horse pond. - Thomas Love Peacock
I feel strongly for gay marriage to be accepted. - Bernadette Peters
Next month, I will celebrate my 30th anniversary of marriage with my beautiful bride, Vicki. Our marriage has been a blessing. I have gained even more respect for the institution over the past 3 decades and will defend it against attack. - Todd Tiahrt
I listen to the people. That was a big reason for my life, maybe the main reason, I'm singing because I love it when people say to me, 'Thank you.' I thank them. It's a marriage. - Julio Iglesias
I mean, for all of his faults and the troubles in his marriage, Bill Clinton is still married to a girl he met in the library 25 years ago at school. Can we say that about many of our other leaders today in America, including on the right wing? - Paul Begala
Today, I will vote in support of the Marriage Protection Amendment. I shall do so because like President Bush, I strongly believe that marriage should be between a man and a woman. - Nick Lampson
I am for gay marriage. Or same-sex marriage. I don't want to say it the wrong way. I think people are sensitive to it. I have been painted as being this right-wing zealot on choice. Nothing could be further from the truth. - Harold Ford
Marriage is the grave or tomb of wit. - Margaret Cavendish
Although we hardly see each other off the set, Joy and I get along well when we do. As far as the marriage between Nathan and Haley, I think they are young and will see the reality of the situation eventually. - James Lafferty
The whole Haley-Nathan marriage deal was a pretty good twist huh? I hope we got all of you with it. That particular story line even suprised me when I read it, it's a good one and it'll provide for some good stories to come. - James Lafferty
There are powerful emotions that bring two people together in wonderful harmony in a marriage. Satan knows this, and would tempt you to try these emotions outside of marriage. Do not stir emotions meant to be used only in marriage. - Richard G. Scott
I think that every state in the union should recognize same-sex marriage. - Cass Sunstein
We can practice tolerance while still holding true to cultural values that protect the institution of marriage as a union between only a man and a woman. - Ken Calvert
I think there are some people in life who are not marriage material and Chris is one of them. - Sharon Gless
It was not a healthy marriage for long time. It was never about another man, it was about what my and Dennis's relationship could not sustain. - Meg Ryan
I'm the only man in the world with a marriage licence made out to whom it may concern. - Mickey Rooney
I used to have a theory actually that, if you've had a good childhood, a good marriage and a little bit of money in the bank, you're going to make a lousy comedian. - David Steinberg
Stability is why society has an interest in marriage. - Gene Robinson
The state's interest in marriage is stability. Generally speaking, polygamy does not work for stability. Inherent in the whole polygamous movement is a deep and abiding misogyny and denigration of women. So polygamy is objectionable on lots of grounds. - Gene Robinson
College is a place to keep warm between high school and an early marriage. - George Gobel
Instead, I think over the years we have cut the strength of marriage and relationships by the law and weakened the institution. We have tried to deal with relationships with no-fault divorce, with child custody, with so many other avenues and it has not helped. - Timothy Murphy
Culture and tradition have to change little by little. So 'new' means a little twist, a marriage of Japanese technique with French ingredients. My technique. Indian food, Korean food I put Italian mozzarella cheese with sashimi. I don't think 'new new new.' I'm not a genius. A little twist. - Masaharu Morimoto
But to sustain a marriage for 50 years, you have to get real a little bit and find someone who is understanding and who you can grow with. My mom always says, 'Marry the man who loves you a millimeter more.' - Ali Larter
The most important thing for a good marriage is to learn how to argue peaceably. - Anita Ekberg
Mama and Daddy King represent the best in manhood and womanhood, the best in a marriage, the kind of people we are trying to become. - Coretta Scott King
I'm a little skeptical about using the Constitution this way, but I also believe marriage is between a man and a woman and that the courts shouldn't legislate this matter. - Pete Coors
You're not just going out there, maybe sacrificing your own life. There's also sacrifices still going on at home. You can serve in the military and have a good marriage, but you just need to be aware of it so you can take those steps to take care of it. - Chris Kyle
I'd love to have children, and I think marriage is great, I really do. - Jennifer Jason Leigh
It's very trying on a marriage when you're doing a one hour show, week after week after week. You don't have enough time for people that maybe you should have top priority. - Gavin MacLeod
To us marriage is first, everything else is second. - Julie Benz
I do not believe that defending traditional marriage between one man and one woman excludes anybody or usurps anybody's civil rights and denies anybody their civil rights. - Alan Autry
If you leave your wife and you don't ever contact her again, that says something about how you felt about the marriage. - H. G. Bissinger
I found marriage somewhat stifling. I don't know that I am the kind of man who ought to be married. - Burt Lancaster
What we need are not prohibitory marriage laws, but a reformed society, an educated public opinion which will teach individual duty in these matters. - Alfred Russel Wallace
I know I'm guilty of and I think a lot of people are guilty of sort of getting starry-eyed with love and sort of looking over the bad things and keep going and you don't really prepare for how much work marriage really is. - John Krasinski
That is why I fought against abortion and that is why if I were still in the Senate I would be doing everything I could to defend the sanctity of marriage. - Jesse Helms
I'm knocking our pitiful, pathetic lawmakers. And I thank God that President Bush has stated, we need a Constitutional amendment that states that marriage is between a man and a woman. - Jimmy Swaggart
I know in my own marriage I stayed in it to provide my son with what I thought was a stable background and to give him what I thought was the family life a child should have with two parents. But that isn't always the best way, and it took me taking my son to therapy after the divorce to really see it. - Regina King
I think church and state should remain entirely separate at all costs, and that the decision of religious marriage should be of each faith to debate and decide free of political influence. - Adam Rickitt
I have a wonderful marriage and two great kids. - Kelly Preston
I did know Ted Hughes and I partly wrote the book to explain to myself and others the complexities of a marriage that was for six years wonderfully productive of poetry and then ended in tragedy. - Anne Stevenson
I found it an interesting portrait of a marriage in exploring notions of how one partner supports the other, whilst not jeopardizing the greater good - which is the family. - Rachel Griffiths
I know there are a lot of readers that think I've got a very crappy marriage just because of the things going on with Rick and Lori but there's really nothing that's been like a mirror. I'm just making this stuff up. - Robert Kirkman
No Government has the moral authority to dismantle the universally understood meaning of marriage. - Keith O'Brien
The church's teaching on marriage is unequivocal, it is uniquely, the union of a man and a woman and it is wrong that governments, politicians or parliaments should seek to alter or destroy that reality. - Keith O'Brien
If marriage can be redefined so that it no longer means a man and a woman but two men or two women, why stop there? Why not allow three men or a woman and two men to constitute a marriage? - Keith O'Brien
There is no doubt that, as a society, we have become blase about the importance of marriage as a stabilising influence and less inclined to prize it as a worthwhile institution. - Keith O'Brien
Clearly, if it is sensible to hold a referendum on independence, it is crucial that we have one on marriage. It is the only way the country can move forward on this issue. Let all those who have a view on this subject place their trust in the Scottish people and let Scotland decide. - Keith O'Brien
I believe it's a real tedious hostage negotiation to have a marriage be what it is. - Brad Garrett
When I got married in my twenties, I had a happy marriage and happy kids but at some point in time I let it go off the rails I let it go off the rails. - Stuart Rose
My parents had a wonderful marriage, but it was a very dependent relationship. My mother was entirely dependent on my father because that's how it was in those days. - Erika Slezak
President Bush has a record of cutting taxes, has provided a prescription drug benefit for seniors, has upheld the Second Amendment and remains committed to stopping liberal activists judges who are redefining marriage. - Bill Shuster
The definition of marriage cannot be disputed. It's right there in black and white and it's been the same since the start of Wikipedia. - Jesse Tyler Ferguson
Well, my personal mission statement is that we want marriage equality in all 50 states. We want it not to be a state-by-state issue. We don't want it to be something the majority is voting on. I don't think the civil rights of any minority should be in the hands of any majority. - Jesse Tyler Ferguson
As an actor, you just want to work, and then you just want to be on a show or have a job that you love, and you hope that job will last - those things have happened. To have that platform to then talk about something that is very personal to me like marriage equality, it feels like a gift. I try and really respect that voice and not abuse it. - Jesse Tyler Ferguson
We are very puritan in America. We still hold true to these really antiquated values, this idea of the sanctity of marriage. - Zoe Lister-Jones
They make Spy Kids, they make Scream, they make A Scary Movie. This doesn't do that, so it could be a very bad marriage. I'm trying to keep this potential nightmare quiet because we're just finishing editing. - Terry Gilliam
I routinely never discuss my marriage. It's nice to have things in my life that are totally mine. - Ryan Adams
I've always wanted to be independent and answer for myself. That probably is the part of me I would class to be feminist. I'd like to have children marriage I have a bit of an issue with. - Kelly Brook
No marriage can stand up under the strain of incessant association. - Johnny Weissmuller
I'm not that big a fan of marriage as an institution and I don't know why women need to have children to be seen as complete human beings. - Marisa Tomei
I have been doing marriage counseling for about 15 years and I realized that what makes one person feel loved, doesn't make another person feel loved. - Gary Chapman
I have a lady, she's a great lady. I love her a lot, she loves me. We're on the same page. Whenever that day happens when we're not on the same page we'll move forward with it. We're interested in having our lives be our lives right now and not a third person's vis-a-vis marriage and whatever that means. - Jon Hamm
It couldn't be a simpler answer. Marriage doesn't really mean anything to me. I feel like in many ways marriage is more for the families of the couple than for the people involved, so I don't gravitate to it. - Jon Hamm
It wasn't a good idea to work on 'Naked' in the first months of a marriage. I was living apart from my wife in a flat overflowing with books I was reading for the part. - David Thewlis
I have no useful theories about love and marriage. - Michael Cunningham
Marriage, if one will face the truth, is an evil, but a necessary evil. - Menander
My marriage to my husband, Bart Conner in 1996 is my proudest personal moment. - Nadia Comaneci
When the first fossils began to be found in eastern Africa, in the late 1950s, I thought, what a wonderful marriage this was, biology and anthropology. I was around 16 years old when I made this particular choice of academic pursuit. - Donald Johanson
I didn't know that President Bush would endorse a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage. - Mary Cheney
It won't take 40 years for opposition to same-sex marriage to dissipate. - Mary Cheney
I know one husband and wife who, whatever the official reasons given to the court for the break up of their marriage, were really divorced because the husband believed that nobody ought to read while he was talking and the wife that nobody ought to talk while she was reading. - Vera Brittain
I had only two offers of marriage in my life, and I refused both. - Catherine Helen Spence
I remember driving home one evening while they were reviewing the papers on the radio. One of the articles was about me separating from my wife. It's a weird thing to listen to a news report about the break-up of your marriage. - Rory Bremner
In those days, the late 1970s, one of the leading politicians was a soon-to-be uncle by marriage of Arnold Schwarzenegger, named Ted Kennedy. - Michael Kinsley
No candidate can win a presidential race advocating gay marriage and opposing the military action in Iraq. - Dick Morris
Public-opinion polls show that Americans split about evenly on civil unions. But when the words 'gay marriage' are presented, they break 3-to-1 against it. - Dick Morris
Writing and singing does give me some kind of release from the demons of my past, it is a therapy of sorts, but to be honest, my marriage played a more important role in the acceptance of myself than performance has ever done. - Michelle Shocked
More than 1.1 million taxpayers in Pennsylvania will enjoy a lower tax rate, more than 1.4 million married couples will benefit from the reduction in the marriage penalty, and more than 1.1 million parents will have the advantage of an increased child tax credit. - Tim Murphy
I've never understood what the upside of marriage would be for me personally. - Arsenio Hall
I love being in a relationship, but marriage isn't for me. - Arsenio Hall
My parents' long and happy marriage was a great ideal to live up to, but a tough one. - Olivia Williams
My parents have a wonderful marriage, for many years. But I can't commit myself for such a long time. - Kim Wilde
My father was a Catholic, but my mother wasn't. She had to do that weird deal you do as a Catholic - they deign to sanction your marriage and you have to bring your children up as Catholics. - Jared Harris
It's very different than it use to be. I think everybody has a lot more experience in how to be in a relationship - whether it's a marriage or a significant other or a business or a friend. - Kathy Valentine
Sleeping together is a euphemism for people, but tantamount to marriage with cats. - Marge Piercy
There are more than 30 states, who either by statute or constitutional amendment, have defined marriage as being between a man and a woman. - John Thune
The sum and substance of female education in America, as in England, is training women to consider marriage as the sole object in life, and to pretend that they do not think so. - Harriet Martineau
The president strongly believes that marriage in this country ought to be between a man and a woman. He also believes it is something that ought to be decided by the people. He doesn't believe that judges ought to impose their will on the people. - Ken Mehlman
All I know is it destroyed my family, it destroyed my marriage to Sylvester and I will never get over it. - Brigitte Nielsen
It became plain very soon after our marriage that ours was to be a literary partnership. - Mary Augusta Ward
For after my marriage I had made various attempts to write fiction. They were clearly failures. - Mary Augusta Ward
I thought marriage was something very quiet and very regular and very bourgeois. - Carla Bruni
Marriage is another trap. If you are someone who likes independence, it's another stamp against that. And you have to swear to fidelity. - Carla Bruni
A good businessman never makes a contract unless he's sure he can carry it through, yet every fool on earth is perfectly willing to sign a marriage contract without considering whether he can live up to it or not. - Dalton Trumbo
It is sad that the Republican leadership is not as interested as they say they are in protecting the institution of marriage as they are in waging a campaign to divide and distract the American people from the real issues that need to be addressed. - Kendrick Meek
A band is not a marriage. There are no oaths of allegiance. If you feel your life will be better served by splitting up the group, you've got to do it - but of course it does cause problems. - Steve Winwood
I've never really been very good at marriage. It's one of my failures. I've tried my best, but I do realise the common denominator is me it's something I'm doing. - Len Goodman
Marriage is important to me and I love the idea of being married. - Nicole Appleton
Well I don't know that I'm okay any more than anyone else is okay, I lead a happy life and a very full one - I have a happy marriage and my kids are all cheerful, and no one is finding fault with me, personally. - L. Ron Hubbard
Heather knows why and when her marriage ended with Richie and she knows why my marriage ended with Charlie. - Denise Richards
My marriage was breaking up, and my marriage with Chong was breaking up. I had to come back and kind of start on my own again. - Cheech Marin
It's about time we all faced up to the truth. If we accept the radical homosexual agenda, be it in the military or in marriage or in other areas of our lives, we are utterly destroying the concept of family. - Alan Keyes
I think that's one of the most difficult things in any marriage - in order to build anything, you must be together. You can't build anything over the telephone. - Julie London
When I got political that blew our marriage out of the water. I was not the same person and I admit that. - Michael Moriarty
I worked with John, but I had enough sense to walk just a little ways behind him. I could have made more records, but I wanted to have a marriage. - June Carter Cash
But the fact that same-sex marriage is still an issue is insane. Thinking love knows a sex is ridiculous. - Garret Dillahunt
Legislation to create a new 10 percent tax bracket, reduce the marriage penalty, cut the tax rate on dividends and capital gains, and increase the child tax credit have been essential elements in this economic expansion. - Roger Wicker
I only gave out my opinion that same sex marriage is against the law of God. - Manny Pacquiao
I highly suggest marriage to all my friends who are dating. - Jerry O'Connell
I grew up in a Hindu household but went to a Roman Catholic school. I grew up with a mother who said, 'I'll arrange a marriage for you at 18,' but she also said that we could achieve anything we put our minds to an encourage us to dream of becoming prime minister or president. - Indra Nooyi
You can't have a happy family if you don't have a happy marriage. - Jeremy Sisto
There's not a lot of room anymore for what I call 'made-up' drama. The drama comes from real places now - marriage takes work and focus, the kid stuff takes patience and commitment. And if you don't grow as people and as a couple, within all of that, then you've got some real drama. - Jeremy Sisto
It's the best marriage of songs and production. But I have to say, I have an affinity for Bossanova. - Joey Santiago
New Orleans, more than many places I know, actually tangibly lives its culture. It's not just a residual of life it's a part of life. Music is at every major milestone of our life: birth, marriage, death. It's our culture. - Wendell Pierce
Let me be clear. I support the definition of marriage as a union between a man and a woman. - Ben Nelson
I was glad to hear of that determination as I detest the practice of cousins marrying or any marriage between persons in which there can be traced the most distant relationship. I go for the improvement instead of the deterioration of our race. - Ezra Cornell
Marriage is all about knowing the ins and outs and the intimate details, and your wife is supposed to be the person you know best. But my brother and I think alike, know everything about one another, and when we get together, we block everything else out. Nothing exists in our world except for us. - Jon Heder
Marriage is wild. I thought it was this perfect land of happiness and joy. Wrong! After you say you do, you don't for a long time. - John Leguizamo
I'm certain that most couples expect to find intimacy in marriage, but it somehow eludes them. - James Dobson
I think there is a generation gap. I personally look forward to, as our generation becomes the leaders, you are gonna see a change, and I think hopefully gay marriage will be a part of that country. - Vanessa Kerry
Many women cut back what had to be done at home by redefining what the house, the marriage and, sometimes, what the child needs. One woman described a fairly common pattern: I do my half. I do half of his half, and the rest doesn't get done. - Arlie Russell Hochschild
Obviously, the anti-ERA people are tickled about my ordeal because it proves that the ERA breaks up families. When they point out that feminism is a dangerous thing, I just say marriage is pretty precarious too. - Sonia Johnson
In response to our fast-food culture, a 'slow food' movement appeared. Out of hurried parenthood, a move toward slow parenting could be growing. With vital government supports for state-of-the-art public child care and paid parental leave, maybe we would be ready to try slow love and marriage. - Arlie Russell Hochschild
Traditional marriage between a man and a woman has been a cornerstone of our society for generations. If we are going to change that, it ought to be done by the will of the people. - Steve Chabot
I don't particularly think marriage is a sane thing. - Sean Young
I'm receiving 300 to 500 letters every week from people telling me that God used my stories to save their marriage or to introduce them to Christ or to heal a relationship that had been broken. - Karen Kingsbury
Marriage, like death, is a debt we owe to nature. - Julia Ward Howe
But I don't think that it's a form of family that I would be comfortable in. I've found a way to this character and this family, but I still believe that a marriage is between two people and not seven or three. - Jeanne Tripplehorn
The thing is, when I had my first success it did coincide with the end of my first marriage, and because I went on to have a very, very unhappy two years, I don't think I equate career success with personal happiness. - Rob Brydon
When you're suddenly pregnant and no one is standing by your side, even if you're in your 30s, it's a hard conversation. I'm a traditional girl, and I believe in marriage, and I just always thought that's the way I'd be doing this. - Bridget Moynahan
And my marriage was perfect when I wasn't famous. - Damon Wayans
I think that sense of humor is important in marriage. A sense of humor gets people through marriage. - Connie Britton
The fact is, I am in my third marriage and I do not believe in divorce. But I was half the problem, I guarantee you. More than half the problem. I couldn't negotiate with the other women. - James Brolin
Only after I faced the unhappiness of my first marriage did I start on the path of personal growth. - Judith Wright
I hope gay marriage will be legal in every state. - Mark Consuelos
The activists will not stop in trying to impose their extreme views on the rest of us, and they have now plotted out a state-by-state strategy to increase the number of judicial decisions redefining marriage without the voice of the people being heard. - Jim Bunning
The very idea of marriage is basic to recognition as equals in our society any status short of that is inferior, unjust, and unconstitutional. - Ted Olson
The United States Supreme Court has repeatedly held that marriage is one of the most fundamental rights that we have as Americans under our Constitution. - Ted Olson
Each experience I go through - marriage, my public life, my personal life - I'm learning as I go. - Jason Sudeikis
Gay marriage won't be more of an issue 25 years from now than interracial marriage is today. - Jared Polis
I've done an informal, anecdotal survey about marriage, and I've found no evidence that it brings happiness. - Mary McCormack
My father and mother were second cousins, though they did not meet till shortly before their marriage. - Patrick White
There's something about marriage that is not as intensely romantic or interesting as a couple's first meeting. - John Sandford
I finally got a chance to talk to my daughter from my previous marriage. I just got married May 3 to my beautiful wife, but we don't see each other much. - Peter Criss
Civil marriage, like all civil rights provided by the government, must be provided equally to all Americans. - Benjamin Todd Jealous
Marriage and the creation of families has been an integral part of our society since its creation it should not be defined without the kind of involvement by the people which a constitutional process would require. - Robert Foster Bennett
We are confident that the Supreme Court will soon see the direction that this country is headed and enshrine marriage as a constitutional right for all. - Benjamin Todd Jealous
Marriage, even the best marriages are tough. - Jayne Meadows
I lost my second marriage because of drinking, and I loved the woman very much. But I thought I needed booze to write. I'm glad I was disabused. - Barry Hannah
People used to say my son looked like a Mexican Biggie. And when he was first born, memories of Biggie... you know, we didn't always have the greatest days. For at least half the length of our marriage we were separated, so everyday was definitely not a good day. - Faith Evans
I guess you kind of got to realize that once you in a marriage, whatever it is, you gotta deal with it. Not necessarily that you got to accept it, but you have to deal with it and try your best to make it work for you, for the both of you. - Faith Evans
The reason for not getting married was that I just didn't have a partner to get married to. Climbing mountains was more attractive to me than marriage, or other fun things like that. - Tamae Watanabe
My father was on the faculty in the Chemistry Department of Harvard University my mother had one year of graduate work in physics before her marriage. - Kenneth G. Wilson
I got married at 22 and remained in an abusive marriage for 10 years. I made up my mind that that was never going to happen to me again. I made a brave step to walk out in a society when you didn't walk out of an abusive marriage. It was mental and physical abuse. - Joyce Banda
Everything in life is a lesson and I have learned from each marriage. Yes, I've made mistakes but every experience is a learning curve. - Patsy Kensit
If we did not look to marriage as the principal source of happiness, fewer marriages would end in tears. - Anthony Storr
I left my marriage knowing I'd have to work. I have. - Sarah Ferguson
Religious institutions should have religious freedom on this issue. No church or minister should ever have to conduct a marriage that is inconsistent with their religious beliefs. But I think as a civil institution, this issue's time has come and we need to move forward. - Kay Hagan
Our black president can't say that he's for gay marriage. That is upsetting to me. - Mario Cantone
Marriage has been defined by every legislature that has ever sat in the United States from every State, now 50 States, the same way, but now we have unelected judges altering and changing that fundamental institution. - Jeff Sessions
There's lots of problem solving in any marriage, but when you have this collective goal that is a human being, it's an inspiring rally point. - Ty Burrell
To say I drank my way into marriage isn't much of an exaggeration, and it's none at all to say I drank my way out of it. - Lawrence Block
Marriage: love, honor, and negotiate. - Joe Moore
I've learned this is a very long marriage doing a television show. I like the people that I work with to be people I enjoy, so you want to cast people who are as excited and enthusiastic as you are. - Shonda Rhimes
I am a firm believer in marriage. In the future I will be married. - Elisabetta Canalis
Marriage is one of the most sacred human institutions. I asked our Senators, as many South Dakotans have done, to protect marriage as a union between a man and a woman. - Mike Rounds
Other than marriage, she doesn't control me and I don't control her. - Gavyn Davies
My wife disagrees with 100 percent of what I say. That's the same marriage I have. - Curtis Sliwa
I'm not feeling very well - I need a doctor immediately. Ring the nearest golf course. - Groucho Marx
A hospital bed is a parked taxi with the meter running. - Groucho Marx
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died. - Erma Bombeck
They certainly give very strange names to diseases. - Plato
Getting out of the hospital is a lot like resigning from a book club. You're not out of it until the computer says you're out of it. - Erma Bombeck
Medicine is my lawful wife and literature my mistress when I get tired of one, I spend the night with the other. - Anton Chekhov
When I was born I was so ugly the doctor slapped my mother. - Rodney Dangerfield
Doctors are just the same as lawyers the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too. - Anton Chekhov
The doctor sees all the weakness of mankind the lawyer all the wickedness, the theologian all the stupidity. - Arthur Schopenhauer
Doctors will have more lives to answer for in the next world than even we generals. - Napoleon Bonaparte
All sorts of computer errors are now turning up. You'd be surprised to know the number of doctors who claim they are treating pregnant men. - Isaac Asimov
Illness is the doctor to whom we pay most heed to kindness, to knowledge, we make promise only pain we obey. - Marcel Proust
Three-quarters of the sicknesses of intelligent people come from their intelligence. They need at least a doctor who can understand this sickness. - Marcel Proust
A physician's physiology has much the same relation to his power of healing as a cleric's divinity has to his power of influencing conduct. - Samuel Butler
You may not be able to read a doctor's handwriting and prescription, but you'll notice his bills are neatly typewritten. - Earl Wilson
Modern medicine is a negation of health. It isn't organized to serve human health, but only itself, as an institution. It makes more people sick than it heals. - Ivan Illich
Whenever a doctor cannot do good, he must be kept from doing harm. - Hippocrates
The best doctor is the one you run to and can't find. - Denis Diderot
I was going to have cosmetic surgery until I noticed that the doctor's office was full of portraits by Picasso. - Rita Rudner
As a medical doctor, it is my duty to evaluate the situation with as much data as I can gather and as much expertise as I have and as much experience as I have to determine whether or not the wish of the patient is medically justified. - Jack Kevorkian
Time is generally the best doctor. - Ovid
My doctor gave me six months to live, but when I couldn't pay the bill he gave me six months more. - Walter Matthau
When I told my doctor I couldn't afford an operation, he offered to touch-up my X-rays. - Henny Youngman
The great secret of doctors, known only to their wives, but still hidden from the public, is that most things get better by themselves most things, in fact, are better in the morning. - Lewis Thomas
Medicine sometimes snatches away health, sometimes gives it. - Ovid
I was always shocked when I went to the doctor's office and they did my X-ray and didn't find that I had eight more ribs than I should have or that my blood was the color green. - Nicolas Cage
In the name of Hypocrites, doctors have invented the most exquisite form of torture ever known to man: survival. - Edward Everett Hale
The doctors x-rayed my head and found nothing. - Dizzy Dean
I'm 86 and my doctor used to tell me to slow down - at least he did until he dropped dead. - Cesar Romero
Some people think that doctors and nurses can put scrambled eggs back in the shell. - Cass Canfield
You can die of the cure before you die of the illness. - Michael Landon
People are so afraid of authority figures and doctors are authority figures. - Martha Beck
The physician's highest calling, his only calling, is to make sick people healthy - to heal, as it is termed. - Samuel Hahnemann
It is reasonable to expect the doctor to recognize that science may not have all the answers to problems of health and healing. - Norman Cousins
Growing up, my dolls were doctors and on secret missions. I had Barbie Goes Rambo. - Zoe Saldana
When a man goes through six years training to be a doctor he will never be the same. He knows too much. - Enid Bagnold
Flying back from New York, the flight attendant said 'God, I wished you were here yesterday, we had a stroke on the plane. I said, if I have a stroke on a plane, I hope the pretend doctor isn't the one on the plane. I want a real doctor. - Anthony Edwards
America has the best doctors, the best nurses, the best hospitals, the best medical technology, the best medical breakthrough medicines in the world. There is absolutely no reason we should not have in this country the best health care in the world. - Bill Frist
I went to the doctor and he said I had acute appendicitis, and I said compared to who? - Jay London
I'm strongly for a patient Bill of Rights. Decisions ought to be made by doctors, not accountants. - Charles Schumer
I'm by no means condemning prescription medicine for mental health. I've seen it save a lot of people's lives. - Zach Braff
Mammograms are really sort of a gift. You can either catch something early or count your lucky stars because nothing was discovered. Either way, you're ahead of the game. - Charlotte Ross
If you look at the human condition today, not everyone is well fed, has access to good medical care, or the physical basics that provide for a healthy and a happy life. - Ralph Merkle
Passion, you see, can be destroyed by a doctor. It cannot be created. - Peter Shaffer
In the sick room, ten cents' worth of human understanding equals ten dollars' worth of medical science. - Martin H. Fischer
Medical liability reform is not a Republican or Democrat issue or even a doctor versus lawyer issue. It is a patient issue. - John Ensign
The art of medicine was to be properly learned only from its practice and its exercise. - Thomas Sydenham
A pregnant woman facing the most dire circumstances must be able to count on her doctor to do what is medically necessary to protect her from serious physical harm. - Barbara Mikulski
I got the bill for my surgery. Now I know what those doctors were wearing masks for. - James H. Boren
Honestly, being a doctor could make you more close minded than regular people. - Alex Chiu
As a physician, I know many doctors want to utilize new technology, but they find the cost prohibitive. - Nathan Deal
I regret to this day that I never went to college. I feel I should have been a doctor. - Ty Cobb
One has a greater sense of degradation after an interview with a doctor than from any human experience. - Alice James
Doctors coin money when they do procedures but family medicine doesn't have any procedures. - David Jones
If you want total security, go to prison. There you're fed, clothed, given medical care and so on. The only thing lacking... is freedom. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
The Christian's Bible is a drug store. Its contents remain the same, but the medical practice changes. - Mark Twain
You know, if I listened to Michael Dukakis long enough, I would be convinced we're in an economic downturn and people are homeless and going without food and medical attention and that we've got to do something about the unemployed. - Ronald Reagan
These technologies can make life easier, can let us touch people we might not otherwise. You may have a child with a birth defect and be able to get in touch with other parents and support groups, get medical information, the latest experimental drugs. These things can profoundly influence life. I'm not downplaying that. - Steve Jobs
We can't get to the $4 trillion in savings that we need by just cutting the 12 percent of the budget that pays for things like medical research and education funding and food inspectors and the weather service. And we can't just do it by making seniors pay more for Medicare. - Barack Obama
I had the privilege of practicing medicine in the early '60s, before we had any government. It worked rather well, and there was nobody on the street suffering with no medical care. - Ron Paul
If you're so pro-life, do me a favour: don't lock arms and block medical clinics. If you're so pro-life, lock arms and block cemeteries. - Bill Hicks
Whenever the people are for gay marriage or medical marijuana or assisted suicide, suddenly the 'will of the people' goes out the window. - Bill Maher
The rich man's dog gets more in the way of vaccination, medicine and medical care than do the workers upon whom the rich man's wealth is built. - Samora Machel
Vaccination is the medical sacrament corresponding to baptism. Whether it is or is not more efficacious I do not know. - Samuel Butler
Folks, the most insidious part of this whole health care scheme is that all of these vast medical expenditures will become nothing more than government budget items. We individuals will no longer exist. The relationship between a government and citizen will change forever. - Rush Limbaugh
Completeness? Happiness? These words don't come close to describing my emotions. There truly is nothing I can say to capture what motherhood means to me, particularly given my medical history. - Anita Baker
A Harvard Medical School study has determined that rectal thermometers are still the best way to tell a baby's temperature. Plus, it really teaches the baby who's boss. - Tina Fey
I went to medical school because I wanted to ask the big questions. Do we have a soul? Does God exist? What happens after death? - Deepak Chopra
No one should have to choose between medicine and other necessities. No one should have to use the emergency room every time a child gets sick. And no one should have to live in constant fear that a medical problem will become a financial crisis. - Brad Henry
Medical science has proven time and again that when the resources are provided, great progress in the treatment, cure, and prevention of disease can occur. - Michael J. Fox
It seems sensible to me that we should look to the medical profession, that over the centuries has helped us to live longer and healthier lives, to help us die peacefully among our loved ones in our own home without a long stay in God's waiting room. - Terry Pratchett
I believe it should be possible for someone stricken with a serious and ultimately fatal illness to choose to die peacefully with medical help, rather than suffer. - Terry Pratchett
Finish last in your league and they call you idiot. Finish last in medical school and they call you doctor. - Abe Lemons
A retired teacher paid $62,000 towards her pension and nothing, yes nothing, for full family medical, dental and vision coverage over her entire career. What will we pay her? $1.4 million in pension benefits and another $215,000 in health care benefit premiums over her lifetime. - Chris Christie
The medical literature tells us that the most effective ways to reduce the risk of heart disease, cancer, stroke, diabetes, Alzheimer's, and many more problems are through healthy diet and exercise. Our bodies have evolved to move, yet we now use the energy in oil instead of muscles to do our work. - David Suzuki
Against the State, against the Church, against the silence of the medical profession, against the whole machinery of dead institutions of the past, the woman of today arises. - Margaret Sanger
Stay out of the sun, because it is the worst thing in terms of aging. I'm very medical. I come from a medical family. - Nicole Kidman
What's important at the grocery store is just as important in engines or medical systems. If the customer isn't satisfied, if the stuff is getting stale, if the shelf isn't right, or if the offerings aren't right, it's the same thing. You manage it like a small organization. You don't get hung up on zeros. - Jack Welch
Information on how to heal autism and how to possibly delay vaccines or prevent autism shouldn't come from me. It should come from the medical establishment. - Jenny McCarthy
I have been recently diagnosed with Sjogren's Syndrome, an autoimmune disease which is an ongoing medical condition that affects my energy level and causes fatigue and joint pain. - Venus Williams
Civil and political rights are critical, but not often the real problem for the destitute sick. My patients in Haiti can now vote but they can't get medical care or clean water. - Paul Farmer
I know we can't always know what medical surprises may happen during childbirth. But my hope is to go fully natural - no epidural, no interventions. Wish me luck. - Danica McKellar
But I contend that if we're providing total medical coverage for every man, woman, and child in Iraq, shouldn't we at least be doing the same thing for every man, woman, and child in the United States? - Tony Campolo
Money has transformed every watchdog, every independent authority. Medical doctors are increasingly gulled by the lobbying of pharmaceutical salesmen. - Thomas Frank
Liberal that I am, I support health-care reform on its merits alone. My liberal blood boils, for example, when I read that half of the personal bankruptcies in this country are brought on, in part, by medical expenses. - Thomas Frank
My dad's a doctor, and when I was 8, I went to one of his medical conferences where they were demonstrating laser surgery on a chicken. I was so mad that a chicken had to die, I never ate meat again. - Natalie Portman
I first wanted to be a psychiatrist. I decided against that in medical school when I discovered that psychiatrists didn't, in reality, do what they did on TV. - Benjamin Carson
Over the years my mother's steadfast faith in God has inspired me, particularly when I had to perform extremely difficult surgical procedures or when I found myself faced with my own medical scare. - Benjamin Carson
I think first and foremost everybody should understand that Canadians are strongly committed to the system of universal health insurance, to the principle that your ability to pay does not determine your access to critical medical service. - Stephen Harper
The best way to reduce the cost of medical care is to reduce the illness. - Arlen Specter
If we can reduce the cost and improve the quality of medical technology through advances in nanotechnology, we can more widely address the medical conditions that are prevalent and reduce the level of human suffering. - Ralph Merkle
My parents and grandparents have always been engaged in teaching or the medical profession or the priesthood, so I've sort of grown up with a sense of complicity in the lives of other people, so there's no virtue in that it's the way one is raised. - Colin Firth
Medical knowledge and technical savvy are biodegradable. The sort of medicine that was practiced in Boston or New York or Atlanta fifty years ago would be as strange to a medical student or intern today as the ceremonial dance of a !Kung San tribe would seem to a rock festival audience in Hackensack. - Lewis Thomas
The dilemma of modern medicine, and the underlying central flaw in medical education and, most of all, in the training of interns, is the irresistible drive to do something, anything. It is expected by patients and too often agreed to by their doctors, in the face of ignorance. - Lewis Thomas
It worries me about our unwillingness to really address reforms and modernization in Medicare. This thing was designed 37 years ago. It has not evolved to keep pace with current medical technology. - John Sununu
Mind you, I've always been a very off-message type of fat broad one who gladly admits she reached the size she is now solely through lack of discipline and love of pleasure, and who rather despises people (except those with proven medical conditions) who pretend that it is generally otherwise. - Julie Burchill
One goes through school, college, medical school and one's internship learning little or nothing about goodness but a good deal about success. - Ashley Montagu
There have been some medical schools in which somewhere along the assembly line, a faculty member has informed the students, not so much by what he said but by what he did, that there is an intimate relation between curing and caring. - Ashley Montagu
It is clear that the pharmaceutical industry is not, by any stretch of the imagination, doing enough to ensure that the poor have access to adequate medical care. - Paul Farmer
The main reason for the failure of the modern medical science is that it is dealing with results and not causes. Nothing more than the patching up of those attacked and the burying of those who are slain, without a thought being given to the real strong hold. - Edward Bach
I read Freud's Introductory Lectures in Psychoanalysis in basically one sitting. I decided to enroll in medical school. It was almost like a conversion experience. - Stanislav Grof
Citizens must pressure the American Hospital Association, the American Public Health Association, the Centers for Disease Control and other relevant governmental agencies to make greening our hospitals and medical centers a top priority so that they themselves don't create even more illness. - Andrew Weil
We need to accept the seemingly obvious fact that a toxic environment can make people sick and that no amount of medical intervention can protect us. The health care community must become a powerful political lobby for environmental policy and legislation. - Andrew Weil
I have written two medical novels. I have never studied medicine, never seen an operation. - Taylor Caldwell
Medical debts are the number-one cause of bankruptcy in America. - Barbara Ehrenreich
I took anatomy classes. I went to medical libraries and talked to doctors and nutritionists. I did the whole thing before using myself as a human guinea pig. - Marilu Henner
The patient's autonomy always, always should be respected, even if it is absolutely contrary - the decision is contrary to best medical advice and what the physician wants. - Jack Kevorkian
I'm trying to knock the medical profession into accepting its responsibilities, and those responsibilities include assisting their patients with death. - Jack Kevorkian
And as a nurse, I know very well the importance, for example, of electronic medical records. - Lois Capps
I mean, everybody should have access to medical care. And, you know, it shouldn't be such a big deal. - Paul Farmer
Researches tested a new form of medical marijuana that treats pain but doesn't get the user high, prompting patients who need medical marijuana to declare, 'Thank you?' - Jimmy Fallon
As far as hypnosis is concerned, I had a very serious problem when I was in my twenties. I encountered a man who later became the president of the American Society of Medical Hypnosis. He couldn't hypnotize me. - Theodore Sturgeon
I don't think there's any independent cartoonist whose stuff I don't like or respect in at least some way or another. We're all marginal laborers - we're practically medical oddities - so I don't see why we can't all be nice to each other. - Chris Ware
President Obama and his radical feminist enforcers have had it in for Catholic medical providers from the get-go. It's about time all people of faith fought back against this unprecedented encroachment on religious liberty. First, they came for the Catholics. Who's next? - Michelle Malkin
The public has lost faith in the ability of Social Security and Medicare to provide for old age. They've lost faith in the banking system and in conventional medical insurance. - Ron Chernow
Five thousand people every day lose their home because of a medical bankruptcy. Most of them had insurance. - Debbie Stabenow
Medical professionals, not insurance company bureaucrats, should be making health care decisions. - Barbara Boxer
We have the greatest hospitals, doctors, and medical technology in the world - we need to make them accessible to every American. - Barbara Boxer
Remember, I'm a doctor's daughter. So obviously I'm interested in all medical things. - Nancy Reagan
It was my Uncle George who discovered that alcohol was a food well in advance of modern medical thought. - P. G. Wodehouse
I am very abnormal... But it wasn't very long ago that I wasn't so abnormal. I was very normal and headed for a lifetime of paying medical bills as proof of my normalcy. - Dirk Benedict
The Google algorithm was a significant development. I've had thank-you emails from people whose lives have been saved by information on a medical website or who have found the love of their life on a dating website. - Tim Berners-Lee
Today, all patients accepted for treatment at St. Jude's are treated without regard for the family's ability to pay. Everything beyond what is covered by insurance is taken care of, and for those without insurance, all of the medical costs are absorbed by the hospital. - Marlo Thomas
Many of us are alarmed at the skyrocketing cost of medical care, including patients, who are the consumers. However, medical malpractice is not the reason for these increasing costs. - Joe Baca
In our own state, we came up with, I think, what was a very novel approach to closing the gap on the uninsured. To harmonize medical records - which was a major step in getting costs out of the system. - Jon Huntsman, Jr.
I basically believe the medical insurance industry should be nonprofit, not profit-making. There is no way a health reform plan will work when it is implemented by an industry that seeks to return money to shareholders instead of using that money to provide health care. - Dianne Feinstein
To date, embryonic stem cell research has not produced a single medical treatment, where ethical, adult stem cell research has produced some 67 medical miracles. - Mike Pence
Here in Silicon Valley, I have taken part in hundreds of conversations trying to convince people to dive in and become entrepreneurs. All too often, innovators with good, safe, jobs are unwilling to put their family's access to health care at risk by walking away from company-backed medical insurance. - Eric Ries
Synergy and serendipity often play a big part in medical and scientific advances. - Julie Bishop
Advances in science and medical research and public health policies have meant that life expectancy for Australians is one of the highest in the world. - Julie Bishop
Over 120 Aboriginal communities run their own health services - some have been doing so for 30 years. They struggle with difficult medical problems. They also try to deal with counselling, stolen generations issues, family relationships, violence, suicide prevention. - Malcolm Fraser
Because I am not formally trained in the medical sciences, I can bring in new ideas to AIDS research and the cross-fertilization of ideas from different fields could be a valuable contribution to finding the cure for AIDS. - Philip Emeagwali
If I'm pushed, I'd also have to admit I don't like people with allergies. They just annoy me. There seems to be something far too self-centred about it. 'No thanks, I'm allergic.' Why not just say 'No thanks'? I wasn't asking for your medical history, I was just passing around the nuts. Trying to be friendly, that's all. - Jack Dee
Haiti is always talking about decentralization and nothing has been so obvious, perhaps a weakness, as the centralized nature of Haitian society as being revealed by the earthquake. I mean, they lost all these medical training programs because they didn't have them anywhere else. - Paul Farmer
The growth of technology is such that it is not possible today for a nuclear physicist to switch into medical physics without training. The field is now much more technical. More training is needed to do the job. - John Cameron
It's interesting when people make comments about celebrities' weight gain or lack of weight gain as if they're a medical professional that's treating that celebrity. Like, 'This doctor does not treat Jessica Simpson, but thinks her weight is unhealthy.' If you don't treat her, then how do you know? - Busy Philipps
No one wants to go back to a situation where, if you have a pre-existing medical condition, you, you can be deprived of coverage. No one wants to go back to a situation where, if you get seriously ill, you can get thrown off your insurance. Seniors don't want to go back to paying more for their prescription drugs. - David Axelrod
There is an element of anger among women who've been raped. There's certainly a major element of humiliation. But it really does seem like a medical condition of shock and horror. - Nicholas D. Kristof
Yet it looks as if the thing we use to solve our problems with is the source of our problems. It's like going to the doctor and having him make you ill. In fact, in 20% of medical cases we do apparently have that going on. But in the case of thought, its far over 20%. - David Bohm
Abortion is inherently different from other medical procedures because no other procedure involves the purposeful termination of a potential life. - Potter Stewart
My mother was told she couldn't go to medical school because she was a woman and a Jew. So she became a teacher in the New York City public school system. - Marilyn Hacker
Medical decisions have been politicized. What doctor wants a state legislator in his consulting room? - Garry Trudeau
I do not believe that Congress or the Administration should prohibit the medical community from pursuing a promising avenue of research that may improve the lives of millions of Americans. - Tom Allen
When I went to the University, the medical school was the only place where one could hope to find the means to study life, its nature, its origins, and its ills. - Albert Claude
I'd come out of the army after five years as a medic. I was a medical administrator and we ran hospitals, and I was a Captain in the army at the end, in 1945. - Eli Wallach
We also have a program in place for low income people. A family of four making $26,000 a year can receive medical coverage, irrespective of citizenship or what documents. - George Pataki
If someone lives in New York, he's a New Yorker - they are entitled to the best medical system in the world. - George Pataki
The World Health Organisation has a lot of its medical experts sitting in Geneva while hospitals in Africa have no drugs and desperate patients are forced to seek medication on the black market. - Pauline Hanson
Listening to medical facts was not enough. People wanted one hundred percent guarantees. - Ryan White
During a trip to Iraq last fall, I visited our theater hospital at Balad Air Force Base and witnessed these skilled medical professionals in action and met the brave soldiers whose lives they saved. - Melissa Bean
If we don't change, millions of American families are just one medical emergency, or one layoff, away from financial disaster and bankruptcy. - Jim Cooper
When I took command in Vietnam, I gave great emphasis to food and medical care - and to the mail. - William Westmoreland
In my second year, after moving to the Medical School, I began the courses of Anatomy and Physiology. I had begun to see that I was interested in cells and their functions. - Sydney Brenner
As a player, I was fortunate to work with coaching and medical staffs that underscored the importance of utilizing injury prevention exercises, which contributed to my healthy and long playing career. - Cobi Jones
For my convalescence, I had to exercise my voice only with vowels. It is a medical rule after a long loss of voice. - Nana Mouskouri
When I was born in 1970 with a rare genetic disorder called spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita (SED), medical science wasn't what it is today and my mum and dad were treated terribly by the medical profession. - Warwick Davis
Developments in medical technology have long been confined to procedural or pharmaceutical advances, while neglecting a most basic and essential component of medicine: patient information management. - John Doolittle
The Navy's paid for you to go through school, and then they need doctors to go out and take care of people who are in various different parts of the world. I decided to pay back my time first as an undersea medical officer. I was stationed in Scotland. - Laurel Clark
Only medical hypnosis is capable of opening up amnesia. - Betty Hill
Today we see a human population of over 6 billion people, many of whom have serious medical conditions, which either can't be treated or cannot be treated economically. - Ralph Merkle
I can help a lot of other people who've gone through the same thing by building a center that will help men and women who don't have the funds to take care of themselves and get the medical treatment. - David Gest
Long gone are the days when hospital stays and surgeries made up the bulk of seniors' annual medical expenses. - Jim Gerlach
Without true medical liability reform, our doctors will continue to leave, and young doctors coming out of medical school $100,000 to $200,000 in debt will not be able to afford such onerous costs. - Jim Gerlach
Informed consent is required for every invasive medical procedure, from getting your ears pierced to having an abortion. - Bob McDonnell
The whole story of the comfort women, the system of forced sexual slavery, the medical experiments of Unit 731, is not something that is in the US psyche. That is changing because many books are coming out. - Iris Chang
I decided to start a medical training program for freelancers, only freelancers. They're the ones who are doing most of the combat reporting. They're taking most of the risks. They're absorbing most of the casualties. And they're the most underserved and under-resourced of everyone in the entire news business. - Sebastian Junger
Corporate governance is a huge issue too. We don't have women on these corporate boards. More than half of the students in law school are women, more than half of the women, I think, in medical school now are women. - Claire McCaskill
With tens of thousands of patients dying every year from preventable medical errors, it is imperative that we embrace available technologies and drastically improve the way medical records are handled and processed. - Jon Porter
We cannot sacrifice innocent human life now for vague and exaggerated promises of medical treatments thirty of forty years from now. There are ways to pursue this technology and respect life at the same time. - Ernest Istook
The great medical facilities are a relief for the parents, too, who don't have to think about caring for their young ones on their own for a weekend. They have a great time. - Jami Gertz
Community health centers do a great deal with limited resources. They provide critical medical care services to many who would otherwise have no other place to go or would end up in an emergency room. - Jan Schakowsky
For many people, managing pain involves using prescription medicine in combination with complementary techniques like physical therapy, acupuncture, yoga and massage. I appreciate this because I truly believe medical care should address the person as a whole - their mind, body, and spirit. - Naomi Judd
When I talked to my medical friends about the strange silence on this subject in American medical magazines and textbooks, I gained the impression that here was a subject tainted with Socialism or with feminine sentimentality for the poor. - Alice Hamilton
Oh there are lots of doctors and medical professionals out there who buy my devices at whole sale price. - Alex Chiu
Immortality Device has been tested and researched by medical researchers all over the world from time to time. They email me and told me what they found. I post their results sometimes on my site. - Alex Chiu
That's the thing. in medicine, you're used to saying there's a problem within the person, and saying there's a problem within the culture, that's not a medical answer. Medicine has to look in one direction, so there's only one type of answer that they can find. - Chester Brown
I founded a launch company called International Microspace when I graduated medical school in 1989. We were trying to build a microsatellite launcher. - Peter Diamandis
I've been advised not to have any more children for medical reasons, so that's it - the shop has closed, even though I would have loved a daughter. - Toni Braxton
Ensuring Americans have access to adequate medical care should be a priority for all of us. - Dave Reichert
I'd visit the near future, close enough that someone might want to talk to Larry Niven and can figure out the language distant enough to get me decent medical techniques and a ticket to the Moon. - Larry Niven
Procedures outside the stadiums and in the parking areas still need to be optimized, for example so that emergency medical services can leave the grounds on their way to the hospital faster. - Otto Schily
Prior to penicillin and medical research, death was an everyday occurrence. It was intimate. - Katherine Dunn
Failure to properly control our borders costs citizens in many ways: schools become overcrowded, medical resources are stretched too thin, other government services are overtaxed, and taxes increase further. - Zach Wamp
Another cause of change, one less noticeable but fundamental, is the modern growth of population closely connected with scientific and medical discoveries. It is interesting that the United Nations has set up a special Commission to study this question. - Emily Greene Balch
Nobody could tell us or really had a very good idea, if there were a massive release of radiation, what kind of medical treatment people were going to need and this or that, or, indeed, whether there would be medical personnel around. - William Scranton
Harvard Medical School, the University of South Florida and the American Psychiatric Association have all conducted studies showing that the earlier one begins gambling, the more likely it is he or she will become an addicted, problem gambler. - Spencer Bachus
As a former professional patient advocate, I believe prescription drugs are an essential part of high-quality medical treatment, and I supported enactment of the Medicare Prescription Drug and Modernization Act. - Sue Kelly
The sacrifices made by veterans and their willingness to fight in defense of our nation merit our deep respect and praise - and to the best in benefits and medical care. - Sue Kelly
Medical physics is an applied area of physics. - John Cameron
Most medical physicists work in the physics of radiation oncology making sure that the desired dose is given to the cancer and the dose to normal tissues are minimized. - John Cameron
Medical physicists work in cooperation with doctors. A few medical physicists devote their time to research and teaching. A few get involved with administrative duties. - John Cameron
I am sure that I have been much more useful to society as a medical physicist. - John Cameron
When I entered medical physics in 1958 there were fewer than 100 in the U.S. and I could see many opportunities to apply my knowledge of nuclear physics. - John Cameron
I was the Chair of the first department of medical physics in a medical school in the U.S. - John Cameron
I have devoted much time and energy to helping medical physics in developing countries. - John Cameron
There are now over 5,000 medical physicists in the U.S more than 50 times the number in 1958. - John Cameron
It is my sincere hope that hospitals across Indiana, and America, continue to strive for excellence when it comes to providing medical care. This proposed rule will be harmful to communities who wish to upgrade their medical facilities. - Steve Buyer
The technology used to detect if vehicles are carrying radioactive material is so sensitive it can tell if a person recently received radiation as part of a medical procedure. - Timothy Murphy
The current medical records system is this: Room after room after room in a hospital filled with paper files. - Timothy Murphy
If one of us, any of us, any American is traveling in a town somewhere in America and a medical crisis hits them, for someone who is diabetic or perhaps has heart disease or some other problems, where do we get the records to determine what to do? - Timothy Murphy
Nobody had ever told me junk food was bad for me. Four years of medical school, and four years of internship and residency, and I never thought anything was wrong with eating sweet rolls and doughnuts, and potatoes, and bread, and sweets. - Robert Atkins
Whether it's possible or not, being a doctor, you take an oath. To care for your patient, not to kill them. You take an oath to do things that are proper in the medical world. Not to administer something outside of a hospital setting that's not even your area. - Jermaine Jackson
I have four strikes against me. I'm black, I'm short, I'm intelligent, and I have a medical condition. - Gary Coleman
America's doctors, nurses and medical researchers are the best in the world, but our health care system is broken. - Mike Ferguson
When Demetrie got sick, we knew it was our responsibility to take care of her and pay her medical bills. And we embraced that. But the tricky part is, like so many families in the South, we also expected her to use a separate bathroom, to use separate utensils. - Kathryn Stockett
There are the medical dangers of football in general caused by head trauma over repetitive hits. - H. G. Bissinger
Consider this: I can go to Antarctica and get cash from an ATM without a glitch, but should I fall ill during my travels, a hospital there could not access my medical records or know what medications I am on. - Nathan Deal
Jobs for every American is doomed to failure because of modern automation and production. We ought to recognize it and create an income-maintenance system so every single American has the dignity and the wherewithal for shelter, basic food, and medical care. I'm talking about welfare for all. Without it, you're going to have warfare for all. - Jerry Brown
Three of my children are medical doctors, they know at least a hundred times as much about your body as my grandfather knew, but they don't know much more about soul than he did. - John Templeton
But I spent just two calendar years at Cornell University, though it was covering more than three years of work, and then went to medical school and did become interested in psychiatry, and even helped form a kind of psychiatry club in medical school. - Robert Jay Lifton
Even top caliber hospitals cannot escape medical mistakes that sometimes result in irreparable damage to patients. - Carl Levin
I am committed to ensure that our intelligence community, law enforcement, medical professionals, and military have the information and funding needed to protect the American people from threats at home and abroad. - Leonard Boswell
C-17s should be ready to go at various military bases around the world packed with water, food, medical supplies, sleeping bags and tents, all prepared to be air dropped in alongside soldiers and doctors to begin relief efforts. - Steven Van Zandt
It has been suggested at various times that I should start an operation in the United Kingdom but - bearing in mind my age and medical history - I think this would be not a very sensible way to go forward. - Martin Fleischmann
Although awareness of cancer's prevalence in the United States improves and medical advances in the field abound, pancreatic cancer has largely been absent from the list of major success stories. - Chris Van Hollen
There's a lot of interest from the medical community on how things develop in microgravity, and the hope, later, that is expected to apply to what the changes are in humans as well. - Linda M. Godwin
Modern medical advances have helped millions of people live longer, healthier lives. We owe these improvements to decades of investment in medical research. - Ike Skelton
After I read all the medical journals and watched all the documentaries, I still didn't understand the physical sensation of ticking and where it comes from and what it feels like. - Robin Tunney
Reform of the medical liability system should be considered as part of a comprehensive response to surging medical malpractice premiums that endanger Americans' access to quality medical care. - Lincoln Chafee
I unfortunately had a lot of medical procedures throughout my life, so I decided to paint all of my surgeries as a way to heal and as a way to grow. - Paz de la Huerta
Now a cholera epidemic was sweeping through Southeast Asia and south Asia in the early 1970s, so I started medical school and I joined a laboratory to work on this. - Peter Agre
The logic is often far-fetched - how does medical marijuana affect interstate commerce? - and some conservatives would like judges to start throwing out federal laws wholesale on commerce clause grounds. The court once again said no thanks. - Michael Kinsley
Libertarians argue that no normal adult has the right to impose choices on other normal adults, except in abnormal circumstances, such as when one person finds another unconscious and administers medical assistance or calls an ambulance. - Tom G. Palmer
However, many skilled medical volunteers are turned away because community health centers cannot afford to cover their additional medical liability insurance. - Tim Murphy
They don't like thinking in medical school. They memorize - that's all they want you to do. You must not think. - John Backus
I'm a medical doctor and a biomedical scientist. - Steven Hatfill
I completed medical school at Loma Linda University School of Medicine in 1984. - Samuel Wilson
I spent some time at White Memorial Medical Center as a senior medical student doing a rotation in surgery however, I felt I wasn't getting enough time assisting. - Samuel Wilson
I would like to promote the concept of a partnership of insurance companies, physicians and hospitals in deploying a basic framework for an electronic medical records system that is affordable. - Samuel Wilson
I would like the Medical Society to be one of the resources for information about the influences that have an impact on our patients and our practices. - Samuel Wilson
In addition, I'll be attending women's health expos and medical conferences with the goal to promote dialogue between women and their health-care providers. - Karen Duffy
I wanted to go to medical school. But, I never got a college scholarship. - Edwin Moses
Just the actual physical ability to hold four instruments simultaneously and do some of the things that Vivien was able to do is mind blowing to any surgeon. He never went to medical school and he became one of the great teachers of medicine himself, people are just amazed. - Mary Stuart Masterson
The fact that he didn't get credit for a while is more the story of social injustice. But his own spirit wasn't driven by that, and wasn't dependent upon that. He just wished he had the cash to go to medical school. - Mary Stuart Masterson
I'd like to think Helen very much understood what it was to be disadvantaged in the medical field. And that that was something that she never let dictate her choices. - Mary Stuart Masterson
If I had the medical clearance to fight, I would want to fight the best. The best would be Mayweather. - Roberto Duran
Even people who feel perfectly comfortable investing in the stock market and owning their own homes often have qualms about individual medical accounts or Social Security private accounts. - Jacob Hacker
It is false to suggest that medical breakthroughs come only through government research. - Roger Wicker
The space industry is developing and delivering benefits that tie into our immediate needs and priorities here on Earth-for example, medical and materials research, and satellite communications. - Marc Garneau
Why doesn't Apple stop for a year and make medical devices? When people talk about technology, that's where I start to get a little hot under the collar because I know that it's the key to solving some of the world's biggest problems. Having a faster, thinner telephone is not one of the world's biggest problems. - Luke Perry
I set up a laboratory in the Department of Physiology in the Medical School in South Africa and begin to try to find a bacteriophage system which we might use to solve the genetic code. - Sydney Brenner
The government can still conduct clandestine searches of innocent people's private information such as library, medical, and financial records. This is wrong and should have been addressed in a true compromise. - Jose Serrano
Today, it is research with human embryonic stem cells and attempts to prepare cloned stem cells for research and medical therapies that are being disavowed as being ethically unacceptable. - Paul Berg
After wrestling with myself for six months, I began medical treatment. During that time I started a band with some friends of mine called Jack's Car, but that didn't last. - Jack Irons
I welcome the President and working with him to try to get some of that medical malpractice reform so we can get the cost of health care to come down. - Ben Quayle
Fort Smith, being the place of my longest stay, was the scene of my largest medical practice. - Ernest Thompson Seton
Radio interoperability is essential for our police, fire, and emergency medical service departments to communicate with each other in times of emergency. - Lucille Roybal-Allard
Understand that legal and illegal are political, and often arbitrary, categorizations use and abuse are medical, or clinical, distinctions. - Abbie Hoffman
My diminished girth, in tailor phraseology, was hardly conceivable even by my own friends, or my respected medical adviser, until I put on my former clothing, over what I now wear, which is a thoroughly convincing proof of the remarkable change. - William Banting
We have a lot to gain through furthering stem cell research, but medical breakthroughs should be fundamentally about saving, not destroying, human life. Therefore, I support stem cell research that does not destroy the embryo. - Michael Steele
Yes, there is a story about Agent Orange, and we knew that it harmed our troops and we knew how long it was to get the medical community to accept that, the military to accept it, the VA to accept it. - Christopher Shays
When you talk about obesity, there's so many things that can cause that. It can be a medical thing, or down to the individual. There's a lot of other things involved than eating a Mars bar. - Peter Shilton
We still have people in the active duty, and if people are feeling ill, if they're experiencing various symptoms and they're still in the active duty, they're less likely to come forward because that could result in their medical discharge. - Bernard Sanders
I am a military police officer and I have served on two deployments my first was to Iraq, in a medical unit, and my second deployment was to Kuwait, as a military police platoon leader. - Tulsi Gabbard
In my own life, I decided to leave meat off my plate in medical school, but was a bit slow to realise that dairy products and eggs are not health foods either. - Neal Barnard
When I was a child, I was unable to go to any type of sleepaway summer camp because of health issues. Once I learned about the Lopez Foundation, I knew I wanted to get involved, send kids with kidney disease away to camp so they can still experience overnight camp with medical needs at hand. - Sarah Hyland
Eating disorders can have serious medical and psychological consequences which, left unchecked, can kill. Parents should address this issue and ask their children to discuss how they feel about themselves. - Tipper Gore
Quite frankly, Barack Obama knows what it's like to pay a mortgage and student loans. He knows what it's like to watch a beloved family member in a medical crisis and worry that treatment is out of reach. Barack Obama knows our struggles. And, my friends, he shares our values. - Ted Strickland
Every article I wrote in those days, every speech I made, is full of pleading for the recognition of lead poisoning as a real and serious medical problem. - Alice Hamilton
That's why I wanted to be part of this AIDS Project Los Angeles party. We help raise funds for those who are having a tough time with some very basic necessities, like shelter, food, and medical care. - Brande Roderick
Jews were asked when life begins. For them it's when they finally graduate medical school. - Evan Sayet
And of course, identifying all human genes and proteins will have great medical significance. - Daniel Nathans
So I applied to medical school and received a scholarship at Washington University in St. Louis. Washington University turned out to be a lucky choice. The faculty was scholarly and dedicated and accessible to students. - Daniel Nathans
Drug abuse is a medical disease that requires medical professionals. - Doug Ose
Americans of all ages deserve quality end-of-life medical care. - Bill Nelson
I have no qualms about saying I am more confident in the medical treatment in America. The breast cancer survival rate is 20 per cent higher than in the UK. - Koo Stark
Charge forward with hope and get the best medical advice you can. Talk to your friends, neighbors, family, and together you attack it. We can't always control what happens to us, but we can always control how we react to it. - Robert Urich
I have many times thought I did the wrong thing, but the reason was not to be a medical doctor - it was just to have the information. But then, maybe I was wrong, I don't know. - Lennart Nilsson
Canadians have been very generous toward Haiti after the earthquake and, thanks to you, our most vulnerable people have received food, drinkable water, shelter, medical care and education. For that, we are extremely grateful. - Laurent Lamothe
You know what they call the fellow who finishes last in his medical school graduating class? They call him 'Doctor.' - Abe Lemons
There are three subjects on which the knowledge of the medical profession in general is woefully weak they are manners, morals, and medicine. - Gerald F. Lieberman
In the Radiation Laboratory we count it a privilege to do everything we can to assist our medical colleagues in the application of these new tools to the problems of human suffering. - Ernest Lawrence
After he was assassinated, his family and the men who had served him continued the lying and began the destruction, censoring and hiding of JFK's medical records. - Richard Reeves
Kennedy lied and lied about his health while he was alive, even using his father's influence to get into the Navy without ever taking a medical examination. - Richard Reeves
I don't practice, but I am still officially in paediatrics. I keep in touch with journals, and I have a very good data bank of medical information and there is a key thing for a writer knowing where to go. I know where to go to get the information that I need. - Jonathan Kellerman
When families save, they can get through emergencies like a bad harvest or a medical emergency. But it's more than that. They can also plan for the future, gradually saving up for a small business or for their children's school tuition. - Jeff Raikes
I don't believe medical discoveries are doing much to advance human life. As fast as we create ways to extend it we are inventing ways to shorten it. - Christiaan Barnard
The bill would ban human cloning, and any attempts at human cloning, for both reproductive purposes and medical research. Also forbidden is the importing of cloned embryos or products made from them. - Ken Calvert
On bad days, I think I'd like to be a plastic surgeon who goes to Third World countries and operates on children in villages with airlifts, and then I think, 'Yeah, right, I'm going to go back to undergraduate school and take all the biology I missed and then go to medical school.' No. No. - Tama Janowitz
And it was back in the mid-1980s, and as I point out in a piece, that was when we are spending about eight percent of our gross domestic product on health care. And even then, we had the impression that so much of the excessive, aggressive medical treatment that took place at the end of life was not only unnecessary but it was cruel. - Richard Dooling
To make a coverage decision, doesn't one have to make a medical judgment? - John Paul Stevens
I was proud to share the stories of my friends at Georgetown Law who have suffered dire medical consequences because our student insurance does not cover contraception for the purpose of preventing pregnancy. - Sandra Fluke
I went to Duke University in the medical track. And then I decided I wanted to do something more creative, so I switched to biochemistry at Nebraska. - Ken Wilber
The grounding in natural sciences which I obtained in the course of my medical studies, including preliminary examinations in botany, zoology, physics, and chemistry, was to become decisive in determining the trend of my literary work. - Johannes Vilhelm Jensen
Was this an old disease, and, if so, which one? If it was new, what did that say about the state of medical knowledge? And in any case, how could physicians make sense of it? - Peter Lewis Allen
Medical research in the twentieth century mostly takes place in the lab in the Renaissance, though, researchers went first and foremost to the library to see what the ancients had said. - Peter Lewis Allen
The sort of thinking at the time was, 'Well, we're giving you access to medical care which you wouldn't otherwise be able to get, so your payment is that we get to use you in research.' - Rebecca Skloot
We ought to be providing protective sanctuaries for the Kurdish rebels. That means finding some places where they can come and to which we will then be able to provide food and water and medical help. - Les Aspin
Because of my medical and ideological training, I am accustomed to saying that life is adaptation and symbiosis. - Tabare Vazquez
Alfred Nobel was much concerned, as are we all, with the tangible benefits we hope for and expect from physiological and medical research, and the Faculty of the Caroline Institute has ever been alert to recognize practical benefits. - Haldan Keffer Hartline
In 1963 and later papers, I pointed out that the special market characteristics of medical care and medical insurance could be explained by reference to differences in information among the parties involved. - Kenneth Joseph Arrow
In a wristwatch, imagine the battery is in the strap and there's a medical sensor in there connected to the internet. If someone is monitoring that, they could phone up if the user has forgotten to take some medication. This could save hundreds of dollars in medical fees later. What's missing? It's a stable battery. - Donald Sadoway
As a physician and as a pilot, I think it lets me be a pretty good translator having one foot in the medical world and one foot in the flying world. Sometimes when the medical guys come in and speak medical stuff to the pilots, the pilots really don't know what they're saying. - David M. Brown
I broke down while at Oxford, was rejected by a record number of medical tribunals during the War, and finally got permission to leave Oxford and do civilian work till the War ended. - Leonard Alfred George Strong
I found out that colonels can stay until they drop dead or get a walker and being a critical medical specialty as an Army trained emergency room doctor, I could stay until age 67. - Gerald Griffin
We need to bridge the gap between the medical libraries and the hospital rooms take the information out there already, add to it, focus it, harness it - and bring it to the patient who was just diagnosed today. - Bruce Vento
There is no medical proof that television causes brain damage - at least from over five feet away. In fact, TV is probably the least physically harmful of all the narcotics known to man. - Christopher Lehmann-Haupt
Kids coming back from Iraq and Afghanistan deserve to come back to 21st century medical care. - Anthony Principi
Sometime they don't let you know that they know that they don't know everything, but the core of the medical approach is that you try to identify pathologies, which are subsystems within the human body or the larger system that are having undesirable consequences. - Guy Burgess
It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men. - Frederick Douglass
I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naive or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman. - Anais Nin
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance. - Oscar Wilde
Without feelings of respect, what is there to distinguish men from beasts? - Confucius
Man becomes great exactly in the degree in which he works for the welfare of his fellow-men. - Mahatma Gandhi
I look only to the good qualities of men. Not being faultless myself, I won't presume to probe into the faults of others. - Mahatma Gandhi
Women love us for our defects. If we have enough of them, they will forgive us everything, even our gigantic intellects. - Oscar Wilde
A man's kiss is his signature. - Mae West
The superior man is distressed by the limitations of his ability he is not distressed by the fact that men do not recognize the ability that he has. - Confucius
If you have men who will exclude any of God's creatures from the shelter of compassion and pity, you will have men who will deal likewise with their fellow men. - Francis of Assisi
The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation. What is called resignation is confirmed desperation. - Henry David Thoreau
When a hundred men stand together, each of them loses his mind and gets another one. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Men are born to succeed, not to fail. - Henry David Thoreau
Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it. - George Bernard Shaw
One man that has a mind and knows it can always beat ten men who haven't and don't. - George Bernard Shaw
A gentleman is simply a patient wolf. - Lana Turner
The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions. - Leonardo da Vinci
I only have 'yes' men around me. Who needs 'no' men? - Mae West
Men rise from one ambition to another: first, they seek to secure themselves against attack, and then they attack others. - Niccolo Machiavelli
A bachelor is a guy who never made the same mistake once. - Phyllis Diller
I usually make up my mind about a man in ten seconds, and I very rarely change it. - Margaret Thatcher
I only like two kinds of men, domestic and imported. - Mae West
Man as an individual is a genius. But men in the mass form the headless monster, a great, brutish idiot that goes where prodded. - Charlie Chaplin
Honor is simply the morality of superior men. - H. L. Mencken
Men must know their limitations. - Clint Eastwood
Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men. - Kin Hubbard
Passion makes idiots of the cleverest men, and makes the biggest idiots clever. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
The truth is found when men are free to pursue it. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Men are more easily governed through their vices than through their virtues. - Napoleon Bonaparte
Men shrink less from offending one who inspires love than one who inspires fear. - Niccolo Machiavelli
If so many men, so many minds, certainly so many hearts, so many kinds of love. - Leo Tolstoy
Men are like steel. When they lose their temper, they lose their worth. - Chuck Norris
Men can only be happy when they do not assume that the object of life is happiness. - George Orwell
There are only two forces that unite men - fear and interest. - Napoleon Bonaparte
For many men, the acquisition of wealth does not end their troubles, it only changes them. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts. - John Locke
'Tis easy enough to be pleasant, When life flows along like a song But the man worth while is the one who will smile when everything goes dead wrong. - Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Men are only as good as their technical development allows them to be. - George Orwell
Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active. - Leonardo da Vinci
Treat all men alike. Give them the same law. Give them an even chance to live and grow. - Chief Joseph
Women prefer to talk in twos, while men prefer to talk in threes. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
Men become much more attractive when they start looking older. But it doesn't do much for women, though we do have an advantage: make-up. - Bette Davis
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife. - Jane Austen
Beauty makes idiots sad and wise men merry. - George Jean Nathan
Time destroys the speculation of men, but it confirms nature. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
Great men are seldom over-scrupulous in the arrangement of their attire. - Charles Dickens
Men do not quit playing because they grow old they grow old because they quit playing. - Oliver Wendell Holmes
Men give away nothing so liberally as their advice. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Men get to be a mixture of the charming mannerisms of the women they have known. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
The first rule of business is: Do other men for they would do you. - Charles Dickens
I am an agnostic I do not pretend to know what many ignorant men are sure of. - Clarence Darrow
Certainly the best works, and of greatest merit for the public, have proceeded from the unmarried, or childless men. - Francis Bacon
By indignities men come to dignities. - Francis Bacon
Many men owe the grandeur of their lives to their tremendous difficulties. - Charles Spurgeon
All men were made by the Great Spirit Chief. They are all brothers. - Chief Joseph
Do not trust all men, but trust men of worth the former course is silly, the latter a mark of prudence. - Democritus
Men are not punished for their sins, but by them. - Kin Hubbard
When men and women agree, it is only in their conclusions their reasons are always different. - George Santayana
Those men get along best with women who can get along best without them. - Charles Baudelaire
There is no such thing as justice in the abstract it is merely a compact between men. - Epicurus
In life we shall find many men that are great, and some that are good, but very few men that are both great and good. - Charles Caleb Colton
The duty of comedy is to correct men by amusing them. - Moliere
Nothing is as peevish and pedantic as men's judgments of one another. - Desiderius Erasmus
Men's arguments often prove nothing but their wishes. - Charles Caleb Colton
Pride, envy, avarice - these are the sparks have set on fire the hearts of all men. - Dante Alighieri
Luck is not something you can mention in the presence of self-made men. - E. B. White
Men are freest when they are most unconscious of freedom. The shout is a rattling of chains, always was. - David Herbert Lawrence
Men won't read any email from a woman that's over 200 words long. - Doug Coupland
All men who have turned out worth anything have had the chief hand in their own education. - Walter Scott
There would be no great men if there were no little ones. - George Herbert
It is the privilege of the gods to want nothing, and of godlike men to want little. - Diogenes
When two men in business always agree, one of them is unnecessary. - Ezra Pound
Men aren't necessities. They're luxuries. - Cher
Men and women have strengths that complement each other. - Edwin Louis Cole
It's at the borders of pain and suffering that the men are separated from the boys. - Emil Zatopek
Most men, when they think they are thinking, are merely rearranging their prejudices. - Knute Rockne
One must judge men not by their opinions, but by what their opinions have made of them. - Georg C. Lichtenberg
He was one of those men who possess almost every gift, except the gift of the power to use them. - Charles Kingsley
Circumstances rule men men do not rule circumstances. - Herodotus
Men, as well as women, are much oftener led by their hearts than by their understandings. - Lord Chesterfield
Whatever makes men good Christians, makes them good citizens. - Daniel Webster
Men should strive to think much and know little. - Democritus
Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men, and men are great only if they are determined to be so. - Charles de Gaulle
Men tire themselves in pursuit of rest. - Laurence Sterne
Men often act knowingly against their interest. - David Hume
The less men think, the more they talk. - Charles de Montesquieu
Men tend to feel threatened women tend to feel guilty. - Edwin Louis Cole
Men, even when alone, lighten their labors by song, however rude it may be. - Quintilian
Deliberation is the work of many men. Action, of one alone. - Charles de Gaulle
Like all young men I set out to be a genius, but mercifully laughter intervened. - Lawrence Durrell
For tis not in mere death that men die most. - Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Men do not fail they give up trying. - Elihu Root
Men are like sheep, of which a flock is more easily driven than a single one. - Richard Whately
I have always supported measures and principles and not men. - Davy Crockett
Time takes away the grief of men. - Desiderius Erasmus
If the world were a logical place, men would ride side saddle. - Rita Mae Brown
By nature, men love newfangledness. - Geoffrey Chaucer
Human misery is too great for men to do without faith. - Heinrich Heine
Italian men do appreciate beautiful women. They're not afraid of the beauty, which is nice. - Eva Herzigova
Men may live fools, but fools they cannot die. - Edward Young
There is always a type of man who says he loves his fellow men, and expects to make a living at it. - E. W. Howe
Men have as exaggerated an idea of their rights as women have of their wrongs. - E. W. Howe
Law describes the way things would work if men were angels. - Christopher Dawson
A lot of times, women don't get the male perspective in regards to a relationship, what men go through when they're not really dealing well. - Morris Chestnut
Men are different. When they are in love they may also have other girlfriends. - Zhang Ziyi
Where all men think alike, no one thinks very much. - Walter Lippmann
All men's gains are the fruit of venturing. - Herodotus
All men have an instinct for conflict: at least, all healthy men. - Hilaire Belloc
We should weep for men at their birth, not at their death. - Charles de Montesquieu
I have 20,000 girlfriends, all around the world. - Justin Timberlake
The beauty of a strong, lasting commitment is often best understood by men incapable of it. - Murray Kempton
Commitment means that it is possible for a man to yield the nerve center of his consent to a purpose or cause, a movement or an ideal, which may be more important to him than whether he lives or dies. - Howard Thurman
Men are actually the weaker sex. - George Weinberg
Either men will learn to live like brothers, or they will die like beasts. - Max Lerner
Men, who are rogues individually, are in the mass very honorable people. - Charles de Secondat
No gentleman ever discusses any relationship with a lady. - Keith Miller
Women thrive on novelty and are easy meat for the commerce of fashion. Men prefer old pipes and torn jackets. - Anthony Burgess
Men are not against you they are merely for themselves. - Gene Fowler
Culture makes all men gentle. - Menander
When a man is no longer anxious to do better than well, he is done for. - Benjamin Haydon
Truth sits upon the lips of dying men. - Matthew Arnold
You can't keep changing men, so you settle for changing your lipstick. - Heather Locklear
Neutral men are the devil's allies. - Edwin Hubbel Chapin
I think men are afraid to be with a successful woman, because we are terribly strong, we know what we want and we are not fragile enough. - Shirley Bassey
Stronger by weakness, wiser men become. - Edmund Waller
Whenever ideas fail, men invent words. - Martin H. Fischer
No nice men are good at getting taxis. - Katharine Whitehorn
Men are often biased in their judgment on account of their sympathy and their interests. - George William Norris
For most men life is a search for the proper manila envelope in which to get themselves filed. - Clifton Paul Fadiman
That common cold of the male psyche, fear of commitment. - Richard Schickel
We the people are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts, not to overthrow the Constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution. - Abraham Lincoln
Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. - Abraham Lincoln
A wise and frugal Government, which shall restrain men from injuring one another, which shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement, and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned. This is the sum of good government, and this is necessary to close the circlue of our felicities. - Thomas Jefferson
All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds, wake in the day to find that it was vanity: but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act on their dreams with open eyes, to make them possible. - T. E. Lawrence
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. - Edmund Burke
All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players: they have their exits and their entrances and one man in his time plays many parts, his acts being seven ages. - William Shakespeare
Rarely do we find men who willingly engage in hard, solid thinking. There is an almost universal quest for easy answers and half-baked solutions. Nothing pains some people more than having to think. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
A nation or civilization that continues to produce soft-minded men purchases its own spiritual death on the installment plan. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing. - Helen Keller
People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. - George Orwell
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life. - Buddha
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men. - John F. Kennedy
Wise men speak because they have something to say Fools because they have to say something. - Plato
It is wonderful how much time good people spend fighting the devil. If they would only expend the same amount of energy loving their fellow men, the devil would die in his own tracks of ennui. - Helen Keller
The means by which we live have outdistanced the ends for which we live. Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship. - Oscar Wilde
We have guided missiles and misguided men. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Force always attracts men of low morality. - Albert Einstein
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act. - Buddha
To sin by silence when they should protest makes cowards of men. - Abraham Lincoln
If I am walking with two other men, each of them will serve as my teacher. I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them, and the bad points of the other and correct them in myself. - Confucius
Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. - Abraham Lincoln
There are three kinds of men. The one that learns by reading. The few who learn by observation. The rest of them have to pee on the electric fence for themselves. - Will Rogers
All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine. - Socrates
There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter. - Ernest Hemingway
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. - Plato
Within the covers of the Bible are the answers for all the problems men face. - Ronald Reagan
Every man is said to have his peculiar ambition. Whether it be true or not, I can say for one that I have no other so great as that of being truly esteemed of my fellow men, by rendering myself worthy of their esteem. - Abraham Lincoln
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. - Thomas Jefferson
There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which taken at the flood, leads on to fortune. Omitted, all the voyage of their life is bound in shallows and in miseries. On such a full sea are we now afloat. And we must take the current when it serves, or lose our ventures. - William Shakespeare
Above all, we must realize that no arsenal, or no weapon in the arsenals of the world, is so formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women. It is a weapon our adversaries in today's world do not have. - Ronald Reagan
Associate with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation for it is better to be alone than in bad company. - George Washington
The assertion that 'all men are created equal' was of no practical use in effecting our separation from Great Britain and it was placed in the Declaration not for that, but for future use. - Abraham Lincoln
Our defense is in the preservation of the spirit which prizes liberty as a heritage of all men, in all lands, everywhere. Destroy this spirit and you have planted the seeds of despotism around your own doors. - Abraham Lincoln
These men ask for just the same thing, fairness, and fairness only. This, so far as in my power, they, and all others, shall have. - Abraham Lincoln
I see when men love women. They give them but a little of their lives. But women when they love give everything. - Oscar Wilde
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened. - Winston Churchill
Every creature is better alive than dead, men and moose and pine trees, and he who understands it aright will rather preserve its life than destroy it. - Henry David Thoreau
It has always been a mystery to me how men can feel themselves honoured by the humiliation of their fellow beings. - Mahatma Gandhi
Democracy is when the indigent, and not the men of property, are the rulers. - Aristotle
The evil that men do lives after them the good is oft interred with their bones. - William Shakespeare
The time is near at hand which must determine whether Americans are to be free men or slaves. - George Washington
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results. - William James
Men are what their mothers made them. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after. - Henry David Thoreau
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea. - Robert A. Heinlein
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men. - Confucius
Timid men prefer the calm of despotism to the tempestuous sea of liberty. - Thomas Jefferson
It has always seemed strange to me... the things we admire in men, kindness and generosity, openness, honesty, understanding and feeling, are the concomitants of failure in our system. And those traits we detest, sharpness, greed, acquisitiveness, meanness, egotism and self-interest, are the traits of success. And while men admire the quality of the first they love the produce of the second. - John Steinbeck
The hours I spend with you I look upon as sort of a perfumed garden, a dim twilight, and a fountain singing to it. You and you alone make me feel that I am alive. Other men it is said have seen angels, but I have seen thee and thou art enough. - George Edward Moore
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings, so that you shall gain easily what others have labored hard for. - Socrates
The important thing is that men should have a purpose in life. It should be something useful, something good. - Dalai Lama
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose. - Brian Tracy
As far as I knew white women were never lonely, except in books. White men adored them, Black men desired them and Black women worked for them. - Maya Angelou
As our enemies have found we can reason like men, so now let us show them we can fight like men also. - Thomas Jefferson
Before success comes in any man's life, he's sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what the majority of men do. - Napoleon Hill
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack. Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces. - Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Women may fall when there's no strength in men. - William Shakespeare
What does love look like? It has the hands to help others. It has the feet to hasten to the poor and needy. It has eyes to see misery and want. It has the ears to hear the sighs and sorrows of men. That is what love looks like. - Saint Augustine
It does not take a majority to prevail... but rather an irate, tireless minority, keen on setting brushfires of freedom in the minds of men. - Samuel Adams
An association of men who will not quarrel with one another is a thing which has never yet existed, from the greatest confederacy of nations down to a town meeting or a vestry. - Thomas Jefferson
I have no fear that the result of our experiment will be that men may be trusted to govern themselves without a master. - Thomas Jefferson
Books constitute capital. A library book lasts as long as a house, for hundreds of years. It is not, then, an article of mere consumption but fairly of capital, and often in the case of professional men, setting out in life, it is their only capital. - Thomas Jefferson
A hero is born among a hundred, a wise man is found among a thousand, but an accomplished one might not be found even among a hundred thousand men. - Plato
Men marry because they are tired women, because they are curious both are disappointed. - Oscar Wilde
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do. - Andrew Carnegie
Battle is the most magnificent competition in which a human being can indulge. It brings out all that is best it removes all that is base. All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood. - George S. Patton
I have no ambition to govern men it is a painful and thankless office. - Thomas Jefferson
The marvel of all history is the patience with which men and women submit to burdens unnecessarily laid upon them by their governments. - George Washington
Instead of comparing our lot with that of those who are more fortunate than we are, we should compare it with the lot of the great majority of our fellow men. It then appears that we are among the privileged. - Helen Keller
It takes time to persuade men to do even what is for their own good. - Thomas Jefferson
Men are so willing to respect anything that bores them. - Marilyn Monroe
Fishes live in the sea, as men do a-land the great ones eat up the little ones. - William Shakespeare
Jealousy is both reasonable and belongs to reasonable men, while envy is base and belongs to the base, for the one makes himself get good things by jealousy, while the other does not allow his neighbour to have them through envy. - Aristotle
Wise men don't need advice. Fools won't take it. - Benjamin Franklin
All men are prepared to accomplish the incredible if their ideals are threatened. - Maya Angelou
It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather we should thank God that such men lived. - George S. Patton
There is a natural aristocracy among men. The grounds of this are virtue and talents. - Thomas Jefferson
Let me embrace thee, sour adversity, for wise men say it is the wisest course. - William Shakespeare
Men are April when they woo, December when they wed. Maids are May when they are maids, but the sky changes when they are wives. - William Shakespeare
Sometimes I wonder if men and women really suit each other. Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then. - Katharine Hepburn
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change. - Confucius
The problems of the world cannot possibly be solved by skeptics or cynics whose horizons are limited by the obvious realities. We need men who can dream of things that never were. - John F. Kennedy
But men are men the best sometimes forget. - William Shakespeare
Trust men and they will be true to you treat them greatly and they will show themselves great. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
If we are marked to die, we are enough to do our country loss and if to live, the fewer men, the greater share of honor. - William Shakespeare
Faith, there hath been many great men that have flattered the people who ne'er loved them. - William Shakespeare
Women are never disarmed by compliments. Men always are. That is the difference between the sexes. - Oscar Wilde
If to do were as easy as to know what were good to do, chapels had been churches, and poor men's cottage princes' palaces. - William Shakespeare
What we call Man's power over Nature turns out to be a power exercised by some men over other men with Nature as its instrument. - C. S. Lewis
Too often the great decisions are originated and given form in bodies made up wholly of men, or so completely dominated by them that whatever of special value women have to offer is shunted aside without expression. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Women have always been the strong ones of the world. The men are always seeking from women a little pillow to put their heads down on. They are always longing for the mother who held them as infants. - Coco Chanel
Content makes poor men rich discontent makes rich men poor. - Benjamin Franklin
Men's vows are women's traitors! - William Shakespeare
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
There have been many great men that have flattered the people who ne'er loved them. - William Shakespeare
Long before history began we men have got together apart from the women and done things. We had time. - C. S. Lewis
The only power any government has is the power to crack down on criminals. Well, when there aren't enough criminals, one makes them. One declares so many things to be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to live without breaking laws. - Ayn Rand
Violent men have not been known in history to die to a man. They die up to a point. - Mahatma Gandhi
Men shut their doors against a setting sun. - William Shakespeare
Measures must always in a progressive society be held superior to men, who are after all imperfect instruments, working for their fulfilment. - Mahatma Gandhi
Men go abroad to wonder at the heights of mountains, at the huge waves of the sea, at the long courses of the rivers, at the vast compass of the ocean, at the circular motions of the stars, and they pass by themselves without wondering. - Saint Augustine
Lord, Lord, how subject we old men are to this vice of lying! - William Shakespeare
Boxing is a lot of white men watching two black men beat each other up. - Muhammad Ali
Clever and attractive women do not want to vote they are willing to let men govern as long as they govern men. - George Bernard Shaw
Great men are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force - that thoughts rule the world. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
As long as you know men are like children, you know everything! - Coco Chanel
I will not be concerned at other men's not knowing meI will be concerned at my own want of ability. - Confucius
There is always inequality in life. Some men are killed in a war and some men are wounded and some men never leave the country. Life is unfair. - John F. Kennedy
All free men, wherever they may live, are citizens of Berlin. And therefore, as a free man, I take pride in the words 'Ich bin ein Berliner!' - John F. Kennedy
We believe that if men have the talent to invent new machines that put men out of work, they have the talent to put those men back to work. - John F. Kennedy
The most pitiful among men is he who turns his dreams into silver and gold. - Khalil Gibran
A man is a god in ruins. When men are innocent, life shall be longer, and shall pass into the immortal, as gently as we awake from dreams. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
All men by nature desire knowledge. - Aristotle
Heights by great men reached and kept were not obtained by sudden flight but, while their companions slept, they were toiling upward in the night. - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
The TV business is uglier than most things. It is normally perceived as some kind of cruel and shallow money trench through the heart of the journalism industry, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free and good men die like dogs, for no good reason. - Hunter S. Thompson
When men and woman die, as poets sung, his heart's the last part moves, her last, the tongue. - Benjamin Franklin
Observe all men, thyself most. - Benjamin Franklin
Democracy arises out of the notion that those who are equal in any respect are equal in all respects because men are equally free, they claim to be absolutely equal. - Aristotle
In the affairs of this world, men are saved not by faith, but by the want of it. - Benjamin Franklin
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Bad men are full of repentance. - Aristotle
Nine men in ten are would be suicides. - Benjamin Franklin
All men are by nature equal, made all of the same earth by one Workman and however we deceive ourselves, as dear unto God is the poor peasant as the mighty prince. - Plato
Men's actions are too strong for them. Show me a man who has acted, and who has not been the victim and slave of his action. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
There is a blessed necessity by which the interest of men is always driving them to the right and, again, making all crime mean and ugly. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead, get married. - Katharine Hepburn
Every actual State is corrupt. Good men must not obey laws too well. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I began revolution with 82 men. If I had to do it again, I do it with 10 or 15 and absolute faith. It does not matter how small you are if you have faith and plan of action. - Fidel Castro
Truth is the property of no individual but is the treasure of all men. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
It was pride that changed angels into devils it is humility that makes men as angels. - Saint Augustine
Men admire the man who can organize their wishes and thoughts in stone and wood and steel and brass. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The revelation of thought takes men out of servitude into freedom. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Good men must not obey the laws too well. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The reason why men do not obey us, is because they see the mud at the bottom of our eye. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Perfect friendship is the friendship of men who are good, and alike in excellence for these wish well alike to each other qua good, and they are good in themselves. - Aristotle
He who is cruel to animals becomes hard also in his dealings with men. We can judge the heart of a man by his treatment of animals. - Immanuel Kant
It is a fact often observed, that men have written good verses under the inspiration of passion, who cannot write well under other circumstances. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The search after the great men is the dream of youth, and the most serious occupation of manhood. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Great men or men of great gifts you shall easily find, but symmetrical men never. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
In every society some men are born to rule, and some to advise. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Men acquire a particular quality by constantly acting in a particular way. - Aristotle
Different men seek after happiness in different ways and by different means, and so make for themselves different modes of life and forms of government. - Aristotle
It is clearly better that property should be private, but the use of it common and the special business of the legislator is to create in men this benevolent disposition. - Aristotle
Let no one weep for me, or celebrate my funeral with mourning for I still live, as I pass to and fro through the mouths of men. - Quintus Ennius
Bachelors know more about women than married men if they didn't they'd be married too. - H. L. Mencken
The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom. - Plato
Those who excel in virtue have the best right of all to rebel, but then they are of all men the least inclined to do so. - Aristotle
Men create gods after their own image, not only with regard to their form but with regard to their mode of life. - Aristotle
All men make mistakes, but married men find out about them sooner. - Red Skelton
The generality of men are naturally apt to be swayed by fear rather than reverence, and to refrain from evil rather because of the punishment that it brings than because of its own foulness. - Aristotle
Choose silence of all virtues, for by it you hear other men's imperfections, and conceal your own. - George Bernard Shaw
All men are children, and of one family. The same tale sends them all to bed, and wakes them in the morning. - Henry David Thoreau
Men are swayed more by fear than by reverence. - Aristotle
It will be of little avail to the people that the laws are made by men of their own choice if the laws be so voluminous that they cannot be read, or so incoherent that they cannot be understood. - James Madison
Of all religions, the Christian should of course inspire the most tolerance, but until now Christians have been the most intolerant of all men. - Voltaire
The first method for estimating the intelligence of a ruler is to look at the men he has around him. - Niccolo Machiavelli
Stupid as a man, say the women: cowardly as a woman, say the men. Stupidity in a woman is unwomanly. - Friedrich Nietzsche
It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims. - Aristotle
Here in America we are descended in blood and in spirit from revolutionists and rebels - men and women who dare to dissent from accepted doctrine. As their heirs, may we never confuse honest dissent with disloyal subversion. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
How could man rejoice in victory and delight in the slaughter of men? - Lao Tzu
Not necessity, not desire - no, the love of power is the demon of men. Let them have everything - health, food, a place to live, entertainment - they are and remain unhappy and low-spirited: for the demon waits and waits and will be satisfied. - Friedrich Nietzsche
A great value of antiquity lies in the fact that its writings are the only ones that modern men still read with exactness. - Friedrich Nietzsche
It doesn't take a hero to order men into battle. It takes a hero to be one of those men who goes into battle. - Norman Schwarzkopf
'Evil men have no songs.' How is it that the Russians have songs? - Friedrich Nietzsche
I have never found a companion that was so companionable as solitude. We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers. A man thinking or working is always alone, let him be where he will. - Henry David Thoreau
Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The truth is, I've never fooled anyone. I've let men sometimes fool themselves. - Marilyn Monroe
The fact is that I find more most men are more open, more generous, and much more stimulating than the majority of females I know. - Marilyn Monroe
Men who think that a woman's past love affairs lessen her love for them are usually stupid and weak. - Marilyn Monroe
If you spend your life competing with business men, what do you have? A bank account and ulcers! - Marilyn Monroe
When it comes to gossip, I have to readily admit men are as guilty as women. - Marilyn Monroe
I have noticed... that men usually leave married women alone and are inclined to treat all wives with respect. This is no great credit to married women. - Marilyn Monroe
Girls shouldn't worry about being the equal of men in the business world. - Marilyn Monroe
Marriage destroyed my relationship with two wonderful men. - Marilyn Monroe
I've found men are less likely to let petty things annoy them. - Marilyn Monroe
I think one of the basic reasons men make good friends is that they can make up their minds quickly. - Marilyn Monroe
Black men don't like to be called 'boys,' but women accept being called 'girls.' - Marilyn Monroe
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition. - Marilyn Monroe
Sometimes I've been to a party where no one spoke to me for a whole evening. The men, frightened by their wives or sweeties, would give me a wide berth. And the ladies would gang up in a corner to discuss my dangerous character. - Marilyn Monroe
The working men, I'll go by and they'll whistle. At first they whistle because they think, 'Oh, it's a girl. She's got blond hair and she's not out of shape,' and then they say, 'Gosh, it's Marilyn Monroe!' - Marilyn Monroe
Justice means minding one's own business and not meddling with other men's concerns. - Plato
Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth. - Henry David Thoreau
There are people who want to make men's lives more difficult for no other reason than the chance it provides them afterwards to offer their prescription for alleviating life their Christianity, for instance. - Friedrich Nietzsche
If women were particular about men's characters, they would never get married at all. - George Bernard Shaw
We sleep safe in our beds because rough men stand ready in the night to visit violence on those who would do us harm. - George Orwell
All the reasonings of men are not worth one sentiment of women. - Voltaire
Wise men, when in doubt whether to speak or to keep quiet, give themselves the benefit of the doubt, and remain silent. - Napoleon Hill
All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved. - Sun Tzu
The Supreme Court has ruled that they cannot have a nativity scene in Washington, D.C. This wasn't for any religious reasons. They couldn't find three wise men and a virgin. - Jay Leno
Beware, so long as you live, of judging men by their outward appearance. - Jean de La Fontaine
Great indebtedness does not make men grateful, but vengeful and if a little charity is not forgotten, it turns into a gnawing worm. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Little men with little minds and little imaginations go through life in little ruts, smugly resisting all changes which would jar their little worlds. - Zig Ziglar
Great men, unknown to their generation, have their fame among the great who have preceded them, and all true worldly fame subsides from their high estimate beyond the stars. - Henry David Thoreau
Regarding life, the wisest men of all ages have judged alike: it is worthless. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Whoever has provoked men to rage against him has always gained a party in his favor, too. - Friedrich Nietzsche
A return to first principles in a republic is sometimes caused by the simple virtues of one man. His good example has such an influence that the good men strive to imitate him, and the wicked are ashamed to lead a life so contrary to his example. - Niccolo Machiavelli
While civilization has been improving our houses, it has not equally improved the men who are to inhabit them. It has created palaces, but it was not so easy to create noblemen and kings. - Henry David Thoreau
When women go wrong, men go right after them. - Mae West
Men have become the tools of their tools. - Henry David Thoreau
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
It is the most sensual men who need to flee women and torment their bodies. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe. Civilization is the process of setting man free from men. - Ayn Rand
In the course of history, men come to see that iron necessity is neither iron nor necessary. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Mothers - especially single mothers - are heroic in their efforts to raise our nation's children, but men must also take responsibility for their children and recognize the impact they have on their families' well-being. - Evan Bayh
Being the boss anywhere is lonely. Being a female boss in a world of mostly men is especially so. - Robert Frost
In the long run, men hit only what they aim at. Therefore, they had better aim at something high. - Henry David Thoreau
I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinions of himself than on the opinions of others. - Marcus Aurelius
Power does not corrupt men fools, however, if they get into a position of power, corrupt power. - George Bernard Shaw
Few men have virtue to withstand the highest bidder. - George Washington
It is an interesting question how far men would retain their relative rank if they were divested of their clothes. - Henry David Thoreau
Ten men waiting for me at the door? Send one of them home, I'm tired. - Mae West
If you would convince a man that he does wrong, do right. Men will believe what they see. - Henry David Thoreau
The law will never make a man free it is men who have got to make the law free. - Henry David Thoreau
Love is something far more than desire for sexual intercourse it is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflicts most men and women throughout the greater part of their lives. - Bertrand Russell
We know but a few men, a great many coats and breeches. - Henry David Thoreau
Instead of noblemen, let us have noble villages of men. - Henry David Thoreau
Men have a respect for scholarship and learning greatly out of proportion to the use they commonly serve. - Henry David Thoreau
I have thought there was some advantage even in death, by which we mingle with the herd of common men. - Henry David Thoreau
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. - Elbert Hubbard
All men are born with a nose and ten fingers, but no one was born with a knowledge of God. - Voltaire
Things that I felt absolutely sure of but a few years ago, I do not believe now. This thought makes me see more clearly how foolish it would be to expect all men to agree with me. - Jim Rohn
I'm supposed to have a Ph.D. on the subject of women. But the truth is I've flunked more often than not. I'm very fond of women I admire them. But, like all men, I don't understand them. - Frank Sinatra
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better. - Harry S. Truman
An American monkey, after getting drunk on brandy, would never touch it again, and thus is much wiser than most men. - Charles Darwin
Until the men of action clear out the talkers we who have social consciences are at the mercy of those who have none. - George Bernard Shaw
Old men are dangerous: it doesn't matter to them what is going to happen to the world. - George Bernard Shaw
Life levels all men. Death reveals the eminent. - George Bernard Shaw
Men and women belong to different species and communications between them is still in its infancy. - Bill Cosby
Nothing is ever done in this world until men are prepared to kill one another if it is not done. - George Bernard Shaw
We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience. - George Bernard Shaw
Men have to do some awfully mean things to keep up their respectability. - George Bernard Shaw
Men are wise in proportion, not to their experience, but to their capacity for experience. - George Bernard Shaw
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears. - Albert Camus
Christmas in Bethlehem. The ancient dream: a cold, clear night made brilliant by a glorious star, the smell of incense, shepherds and wise men falling to their knees in adoration of the sweet baby, the incarnation of perfect love. - Lucinda Franks
I am looking for a lot of men who have an infinite capacity to not know what can't be done. - Henry Ford
A woman who is willing to be herself and pursue her own potential runs not so much the risk of loneliness, as the challenge of exposure to more interesting men - and people in general. - Lorraine Hansberry
The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it. - Ayn Rand
We have now sunk to a depth at which restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men. - George Orwell
Wars may be fought with weapons, but they are won by men. It is the spirit of men who follow and of the man who leads that gains the victory. - George S. Patton
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones. - Theodore Roosevelt
Men are only as great as they are kind. - Elbert Hubbard
Men are so simple and so much inclined to obey immediate needs that a deceiver will never lack victims for his deceptions. - Niccolo Machiavelli
Men are convinced of your arguments, your sincerity, and the seriousness of your efforts only by your death. - Albert Camus
Let your Discourse with Men of Business be Short and Comprehensive. - George Washington
If any civilization is to survive, it is the morality of altruism that men have to reject. - Ayn Rand
Reputation is what men and women think of us character is what God and angels know of us. - Thomas Paine
Hockey is a sport for white men. Basketball is a sport for black men. Golf is a sport for white men dressed like black pimps. - Tiger Woods
Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal, and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom. - Charles Spurgeon
The reason men oppose progress is not that they hate progress, but that they love inertia. - Elbert Hubbard
Adversity makes men, and prosperity makes monsters. - Victor Hugo
Death is not the worst that can happen to men. - Plato
All women have a perception much more developed than men. So all women somehow, being repressed for so many millennia, they ended up by developing this sixth sense and contemplation and love. And this is something that we have a hard time to accept as part of our society. - Paulo Coelho
A little philosophy inclineth man's mind to atheism, but depth in philosophy bringeth men's minds about to religion. - Francis Bacon
It's not the men in my life that count, it's the life in my men. - Mae West
When Jesus comes back, these crazy, greedy, capitalistic men are gonna kill him again. - Mike Tyson
The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail. - Napoleon Hill
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition. - Timothy Leary
Culture: the cry of men in face of their destiny. - Albert Camus
The punishment which the wise suffer who refuse to take part in the government, is to live under the government of worse men. - Plato
Men are never really willing to die except for the sake of freedom: therefore they do not believe in dying completely. - Albert Camus
The Bible is one of the greatest blessings bestowed by God on the children of men. It has God for its author salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture for its matter. It is all pure. - John Locke
Only free men can negotiate prisoners cannot enter into contracts. Your freedom and mine cannot be separated. - Nelson Mandela
Men should be either treated generously or destroyed, because they take revenge for slight injuries - for heavy ones they cannot. - Niccolo Machiavelli
The savior who wants to turn men into angels is as much a hater of human nature as the totalitarian despot who wants to turn them into puppets. - Eric Hoffer
Liberate the minds of men and ultimately you will liberate the bodies of men. - Marcus Garvey
You will find men who want to be carried on the shoulders of others, who think that the world owes them a living. They don't seem to see that we must all lift together and pull together. - Henry Ford
But while they prate of economic laws, men and women are starving. We must lay hold of the fact that economic laws are not made by nature. They are made by human beings. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Adversity causes some men to break others to break records. - William Arthur Ward
I think the part of media that romanticizes criminal behavior, things that a person will say against women, profanity, being gangster, having multiple children with multiple men and women and not wanting to is prevalent. When you look at the majority of shows on television they placate that kind of behavior. - Bill Cosby
Some men can live up to their loftiest ideals without ever going higher than a basement. - Theodore Roosevelt
Tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven. - Henry Ward Beecher
A strong argument for the religion of Christ is this - that offences against Charity are about the only ones which men on their death-beds can be made - not to understand - but to feel - as crime. - Edgar Allan Poe
Of all the men that have run for president in the twentieth century, only George McGovern truly understood what a monument America could be to the human race. - Hunter S. Thompson
Government is an association of men who do violence to the rest of us. - Leo Tolstoy
There are three classes of men lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain. - Plato
Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education. - Bertrand Russell
Beware of men who cry. It's true that men who cry are sensitive to and in touch with feelings, but the only feelings they tend to be sensitive to and in touch with are their own. - Nora Ephron
It is not titles that honor men, but men that honor titles. - Niccolo Machiavelli
Reflect upon your present blessings of which every man has many - not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. - Charles Dickens
Only free men can negotiate. A prisoner cannot enter into contracts. - Nelson Mandela
If we take the generally accepted definition of bravery as a quality which knows no fear, I have never seen a brave man. All men are frightened. The more intelligent they are, the more they are frightened. - George S. Patton
Women must tell men always that they are the strong ones. They are the big, the strong, the wonderful. In truth, women are the strong ones. It is just my opinion, I am not a professor. - Coco Chanel
Men don't care what's on TV. They only care what else is on TV. - Jerry Seinfeld
You know when you're young and you see a play in high school, and the guys all have gray in their hair and they're trying to be old men and they have no idea what that's like? It's just that stupid the other way around. - Clint Eastwood
Risk is a part of God's game, alike for men and nations. - Warren Buffett
I will not attack your doctrines nor your creeds if they accord liberty to me. If they hold thought to be dangerous - if they aver that doubt is a crime, then I attack them one and all, because they enslave the minds of men. - Robert Green Ingersoll
You can tell the strength of a nation by the women behind its men. - Benjamin Disraeli
Do not share the knowledge with which you have been blessed with everyone in general, as you do with some people in particular and know that there are some men in whom Allah, may He he glorified, has placed hidden secrets, which they are forbidden to reveal. - Ali ibn Abi Talib
Men and women of every faith and good people with none at all sincerely strive to do right and lead a purpose-driven life. - Mitt Romney
When my mom ran for the Senate, my dad was there for her every step of the way. I can still hear her saying in her beautiful voice, 'Why should women have any less say than men, about the great decisions facing our nation?' - Mitt Romney
To die for an idea it is unquestionably noble. But how much nobler it would be if men died for ideas that were true! - H. L. Mencken
Men must be governed by God or they will be ruled by tyrants. - William Penn
You know that being an American is more than a matter of where your parents came from. It is a belief that all men are created free and equal and that everyone deserves an even break. - Harry S. Truman
The animals of the world exist for their own reasons. They were not made for humans any more than black people were made for white, or women created for men. - Alice Walker
Some men know that a light touch of the tongue, running from a woman's toes to her ears, lingering in the softest way possible in various places in between, given often enough and sincerely enough, would add immeasurably to world peace. - Marianne Williamson
Wealthy men can't live in an island that is encircled by poverty. We all breathe the same air. We must give a chance to everyone, at least a basic chance. - Ayrton Senna
I've yet to be on a campus where most women weren't worrying about some aspect of combining marriage, children, and a career. I've yet to find one where many men were worrying about the same thing. - Gloria Steinem
I have never met anyone who did not support our troops. Sometimes, however, we hear accusations that someone or some group does not support the men and women serving in our Armed Forces. But this is pure demagoguery, and it is intellectually dishonest. - Ron Paul
Men cheat for the same reason that dogs lick their balls... because they can. - Kim Cattrall
Foolish men imagine that because judgment for an evil thing is delayed, there is no justice but only accident here below. Judgment for an evil thing is many times delayed some day or two, some century or two, but it is sure as life, it is sure as death. - Thomas Carlyle
Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet depreciate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground. - Frederick Douglass
Our forces saved the remnants of the Jewish people of Europe for a new life and a new hope in the reborn land of Israel. Along with all men of good will, I salute the young state and wish it well. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
There are many men of principle in both parties in America, but there is no party of principle. - Alexis de Tocqueville
Great occasions do not make heroes or cowards they simply unveil them to the eyes of men. Silently and imperceptibly, as we wake or sleep, we grow strong or weak and at last some crisis shows what we have become. - Brooke Foss Westcott
For evil to flourish, it only requires good men to do nothing. - Simon Wiesenthal
When a nation's young men are conservative, its funeral bell is already rung. - Henry Ward Beecher
A chief is a man who assumes responsibility. He says 'I was beaten,' he does not say 'My men were beaten.' - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Doing nothing is happiness for children and misery for old men. - Victor Hugo
It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous. - Aldous Huxley
There can never be peace between nations until there is first known that true peace which is within the souls of men. - Black Elk
I believe in the brotherhood of all men, but I don't believe in wasting brotherhood on anyone who doesn't want to practice it with me. Brotherhood is a two-way street. - Malcom X
Civilized society is perpetually menaced with disintegration through this primary hostility of men towards one another. - Sigmund Freud
There is nothing wrong with men possessing riches. The wrong comes when riches possess men. - Billy Graham
The only good luck many great men ever had was being born with the ability and determination to overcome bad luck. - Channing Pollock
I have been astonished that men could die martyrs for religion - I have shuddered at it. I shudder no more - I could be martyred for my religion - Love is my religion - I could die for that. - John Keats
The person who has nothing for which he is willing to fight, nothing which is more important than his own personal safety, is a miserable creature and has no chance of being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself. - John Stuart Mill
When the sword is once drawn, the passions of men observe no bounds of moderation. - Alexander Hamilton
Football is a simple game. Twenty-two men chase a ball for 90 minutes and at the end, the Germans always win. - Gary Lineker
Put two or three men in positions of conflicting authority. This will force them to work at loggerheads, allowing you to be the ultimate arbiter. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age. - Pope John XXIII
I'm a simple man. All I want is enough sleep for two normal men, enough whiskey for three, and enough women for four. - Joel Rosenberg
It is funny that men who are supposed to be scientific cannot get themselves to realise the basic principle of physics, that action and reaction are equal and opposite, that when you persecute people you always rouse them to be strong and stronger. - Gertrude Stein
Bachelors have consciences, married men have wives. - Samuel Johnson
Books are not men and yet they stay alive. - Henry Ward Beecher
Men of ill judgment ignore the good that lies within their hands, till they have lost it. - Sophocles
We cannot live only for ourselves. A thousand fibers connect us with our fellow men. - Herman Melville
Men are more prone to cheating, definitely. - Blu Cantrell
Most men pursue pleasure with such breathless haste that they hurry past it. - Soren Kierkegaard
So long as men worship the Caesars and Napoleons, Caesars and Napoleons will duly arise and make them miserable. - Aldous Huxley
A dress makes no sense unless it inspires men to take it off of you. - Francoise Sagan
All the men in my family were bearded, and most of the women. - W. C. Fields
Why are women... so much more interesting to men than men are to women? - Virginia Woolf
You can kill ten of our men for every one we kill of yours. But even at those odds, you will lose and we will win. - Ho Chi Minh
That all men are equal is a proposition to which, at ordinary times, no sane human being has ever given his assent. - Aldous Huxley
I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper and the old men and old women warmer in the winter and happier in the summer. - Brendan Behan
A vigorous temper is not altogether an evil. Men who are easy as an old shoe are generally of little worth. - Charles Spurgeon
To achieve the mood of a warrior is not a simple matter. It is a revolution. To regard the lion and the water rats and our fellow men as equals is a magnificent act of a warrior's spirit. It takes power to do that. - Carlos Castaneda
As we look forward to freedom, the shining city on the hill and the best days of America lying ahead, it is the men and women in uniform who protect, defend and make us proud to whom we should look and give thanks every night. - Robin Hayes
If we know that our own men are in a condition to attack, but are unaware that the enemy is not open to attack, we have gone only halfway towards victory. - Sun Tzu
The ideas gained by men before they are twenty-five are practically the only ideas they shall have in their lives. - William James
When we are really honest with ourselves we must admit our lives are all that really belong to us. So it is how we use our lives that determines the kind of men we are. - Cesar Chavez
I have encountered riotous mobs and have been hung in effigy, but my motto is: Men's rights are nothing more. Women's rights are nothing less. - Susan B. Anthony
How to gain, how to keep, how to recover happiness is in fact for most men at all times the secret motive of all they do, and of all they are willing to endure. - William James
It is necessary for him who lays out a state and arranges laws for it to presuppose that all men are evil and that they are always going to act according to the wickedness of their spirits whenever they have free scope. - Niccolo Machiavelli
There's no evidence whatsoever that men are more rational than women. Both sexes seem to be equally irrational. - Albert Ellis
'Men have forgotten this truth,' said the fox. 'But you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.' - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
From their experience or from the recorded experience of others (history), men learn only what their passions and their metaphysical prejudices allow them to learn. - Aldous Huxley
I suppose when they reach a certain age some men are afraid to grow up. It seems the older the men get, the younger their new wives get. - Elizabeth Taylor
Almost all the noblest things that have been achieved in the world, have been achieved by poor men poor scholars, poor professional men, poor artisans and artists, poor philosophers, poets, and men of genius. - Albert Pike
If it's true that men are such beasts, this must account for the fact that most women are animal lovers. - Doris Day
Men who are unhappy, like men who sleep badly, are always proud of the fact. - Bertrand Russell
Religions, which condemn the pleasures of sense, drive men to seek the pleasures of power. Throughout history power has been the vice of the ascetic. - Bertrand Russell
I've also seen that great men are often lonely. This is understandable, because they have built such high standards for themselves that they often feel alone. But that same loneliness is part of their ability to create. - Yousuf Karsh
Why do you think the old stories tell of men who set out on great journeys to impress the gods? Because trying to impress people just isn't worth the time and effort. - Henry Rollins
Time is the most valuable thing on earth: time to think, time to act, time to extend our fraternal relations, time to become better men, time to become better women, time to become better and more independent citizens. - Samuel Gompers
We are anthill men upon an anthill world. - Ray Bradbury
No great man lives in vain. The history of the world is but the biography of great men. - Thomas Carlyle
I love all men who think, even those who think otherwise than myself. - Victor Hugo
More men die of jealousy than of cancer. - Joseph P. Kennedy
How is it they live in such harmony the billions of stars - when most men can barely go a minute without declaring war in their minds about someone they know. - Thomas Aquinas
Civilized men are more discourteous than savages because they know they can be impolite without having their skulls split, as a general thing. - Robert E. Howard
A government of laws, and not of men. - John Adams
From the naturalistic point of view, all men are equal. There are only two exceptions to this rule of naturalistic equality: geniuses and idiots. - Mikhail Bakunin
I begin with the principle that all men are bores. Surely no one will prove himself so great a bore as to contradict me in this. - Soren Kierkegaard
As far as men go, it is not what they are that interests me, but what they can become. - Jean-Paul Sartre
All the miseries and evils which men suffer from vice, crime, ambition, injustice, oppression, slavery and war, proceed from their despising or neglecting the precepts contained in the Bible. - Noah Webster
All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers. - Francois Fenelon
Education is that whole system of human training within and without the school house walls, which molds and develops men. - W. E. B. Du Bois
I swear by that old expression, 'One monkey don't stop no show!' The reality is, we still have some good men out there, and we should hail those men as the kings they are. - Angie Stone
I never yet feared those men who set a place apart in the middle of their cities where they gather to cheat one another and swear oaths which they break. - Herodotus
The mountains, the forest, and the sea, render men savage they develop the fierce, but yet do not destroy the human. - Victor Hugo
Civil war? What does that mean? Is there any foreign war? Isn't every war fought between men, between brothers? - Victor Hugo
Even if society dictates that men and women should behave in certain ways, it is fathers and mothers who teach those ways to children not just in the words they say, but in the lives they lead. - Augustus Y. Napier
The theoretical understanding of the world, which is the aim of philosophy, is not a matter of great practical importance to animals, or to savages, or even to most civilised men. - Bertrand Russell
Ignorant people see life as either existence or non-existence, but wise men see it beyond both existence and non-existence to something that transcends them both this is an observation of the Middle Way. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
If we became students of Malcolm X, we would not have young black men out there killing each other like they're killing each other now. Young black men would not be impregnating young black women at the rate going on now. We'd not have the drugs we have now, or the alcoholism. - Spike Lee
Daddy was real gentle with kids. That's why I expected so much out of marriage, figuring that all men should be steady and pleasant. - Loretta Lynn
When men attempt bold gestures, generally it's considered romantic. When women do it, it's often considered desperate or psycho. - Sarah Jessica Parker
Study strategy over the years and achieve the spirit of the warrior. Today is victory over yourself of yesterday tomorrow is your victory over lesser men. - Miyamoto Musashi
It is a melancholy truth that even great men have their poor relations. - Charles Dickens
Men take only their needs into consideration - never their abilities. - Napoleon Bonaparte
Real men are sadly lacking in this world, for when they are put to the test they prove worthless. - Franz Liszt
Men like me are impossible until the day when they become necessary. - Victor Hugo
Men can starve from a lack of self-realization as much as they can from a lack of bread. - Richard Wright
Men become accustomed to poison by degrees. - Victor Hugo
Men are anxious to improve their circumstances, but are unwilling to improve themselves they therefore remain bound. - James Allen
But men are so full of greed today, they'll sell anything for a little piece of money. - Little Richard
The world is divided into men who have wit and no religion and men who have religion and no wit. - Avicenna
The men who followed Him were unique in their generation. They turned the world upside down because their hearts had been turned right side up. The world has never been the same. - Billy Graham
Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men although he was twice married, it never occurred to him to verify this statement by examining his wives' mouths. - Bertrand Russell
Resolved, that the women of this nation in 1876, have greater cause for discontent, rebellion and revolution than the men of 1776. - Susan B. Anthony
Perfect numbers like perfect men are very rare. - Rene Descartes
The tragedy of life is in what dies inside a man while he lives - the death of genuine feeling, the death of inspired response, the awareness that makes it possible to feel the pain or the glory of other men in yourself. - Norman Cousins
To send light into the darkness of men's hearts - such is the duty of the artist. - Robert Schumann
Advertising is a business of words, but advertising agencies are infested with men and women who cannot write. They cannot write advertisements, and they cannot write plans. They are helpless as deaf mutes on the stage of the Metropolitan Opera. - David Ogilvy
I dress for the image. Not for myself, not for the public, not for fashion, not for men. - Marlene Dietrich
Fires can't be made with dead embers, nor can enthusiasm be stirred by spiritless men. Enthusiasm in our daily work lightens effort and turns even labor into pleasant tasks. - James A. Baldwin
Speaking very generally, I find that women are spiritually, emotionally, and often physically stronger than men. - Gary Oldman
We need more of the Office Desk and less of the Show Window in politics. Let men in office substitute the midnight oil for the limelight. - Calvin Coolidge
I think people are born bisexual and the make subconscious choices based on the pressures of society. I have no question in my mind about being bisexual. But I'm also a hypocrite: I would never date a girl who is bisexual, because that means they also sleep with men, and men are so dirty that I'd never sleep with a girl who had slept with a man. - Megan Fox
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger. - Richard Bach
Baseball players are smarter than football players. How often do you see a baseball team penalized for too many men on the field? - Jim Bouton
Woman is the dominant sex. Men have to do all sorts of stuff to prove that they are worthy of woman's attention. - Camille Paglia
Those who want the Government to regulate matters of the mind and spirit are like men who are so afraid of being murdered that they commit suicide to avoid assassination. - Harry S. Truman
To say that a work of art is good, but incomprehensible to the majority of men, is the same as saying of some kind of food that it is very good but that most people can't eat it. - Leo Tolstoy
I do not believe in God his existence has been disproved by Science. But in the concentration camp, I learned to believe in men. - Jean-Paul Sartre
Some men are alive simply because it is against the law to kill them. - E. W. Howe
Clever men are good, but they are not the best. - Thomas Carlyle
Under the pressure of the cares and sorrows of our mortal condition, men have at all times, and in all countries, called in some physical aid to their moral consolations - wine, beer, opium, brandy, or tobacco. - Edmund Burke
The integrity of men is to be measured by their conduct, not by their professions. - Junius
Dreaming men are haunted men. - Stephen Vincent Benet
Half the pictures directed by men of reputation fail. - Carroll O'Connor
I saw six men kicking and punching the mother-in-law. My neighbour said 'Are you going to help?' I said 'No, six should be enough.' - Les Dawson
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor. - Francis Bacon
Men are like the stars some generate their own light while others reflect the brilliance they receive. - Jose Marti
It is the superfluous things for which men sweat, - superfluous things that wear our togas theadbare, that force us to grow old in camp, that dash us upon foreign shores. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Men who do things without being told draw the most wages. - Rodney Dangerfield
People who know little are usually great talkers, while men who know much say little. - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Bloody Christmas, here again, let us raise a loving cup, peace on earth, goodwill to men, and make them do the washing up. - Wendy Cope
I've only slept with men I've been married to. How many women can make that claim? - Elizabeth Taylor
So live with men as if God saw you and speak to God, as if men heard you. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
The display of grief makes more demands than grief itself. How few men are sad in their own company. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land. - Aldo Leopold
Women in love are less ashamed than men. They have less to be ashamed of. - Ambrose Bierce
What I would say to the young men and women who are beset by hopelessness and doubt is that they should go and see what is being done on the ground to fight poverty, not like going to the zoo but to take action, to open their hearts and their consciences. - Abbe Pierre
There is a boundary to men's passions when they act from feelings but none when they are under the influence of imagination. - Edmund Burke
God is in all men, but all men are not in God that is why we suffer. - Ramakrishna
Most of us women like men, you know it's just that we find them a constant disappointment. - Clare Short
Men think highly of those who rise rapidly in the world whereas nothing rises quicker than dust, straw, and feathers. - Lord Byron
A great city is that which has the greatest men and women. - Walt Whitman
If women are supposed to be less rational and more emotional at the beginning of our menstrual cycle when the female hormone is at its lowest level, then why isn't it logical to say that, in those few days, women behave the most like the way men behave all month long? - Gloria Steinem
Space and light and order. Those are the things that men need just as much as they need bread or a place to sleep. - Le Corbusier
Men seldom, or rather never for a length of time and deliberately, rebel against anything that does not deserve rebelling against. - Thomas Carlyle
It was the men I deceived the most that I loved the most. - Marguerite Duras
If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about it for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else. - Thomas Carlyle
The new pope knows that his task is to make the light of Christ shine before men and women of world - not his own light, but that of Christ. - Pope Benedict XVI
I heard the old, old, men say 'all that's beautiful drifts away, like the waters.' - William Butler Yeats
A little group of willful men, representing no opinion but their own, have rendered the great government of the United States helpless and contemptible. - Woodrow Wilson
The real use of gunpowder is to make all men tall. - Thomas Carlyle
These people are very unskilled in arms... with 50 men they could all be subjected and made to do all that one wished. - Christopher Columbus
It were a real increase of human happiness, could all young men from the age of nineteen be covered under barrels, or rendered otherwise invisible and there left to follow their lawful studies and callings, till they emerged, sadder and wiser, at the age of twenty-five. - Thomas Carlyle
A lawyer with his briefcase can steal more than a hundred men with guns. - Mario Puzo
If you have men who will only come if they know there is a good road, I don't want them. I want men who will come if there is no road at all. - David Livingstone
Landlords, like all other men, love to reap where they never sowed. - Karl Marx
I mean, honestly, we have to be clear that the life for many Afghan women is not that much different than it was a hundred years ago, 200 years ago. The country has lived with so much violence and conflict that many people, men and women, just want it to be over. - Hillary Clinton
Memorial Day this year is especially important as we are reminded almost daily of the great sacrifices that the men and women of the Armed Services make to defend our way of life. - Robin Hayes
I'm not denyin' the women are foolish. God Almighty made 'em to match the men. - George Eliot
The breakdown of the black community, in order to maintain slavery, began with the breakdown of the black family. Men and women were not legally allowed to get married because you couldn't have that kind of love. It might get in the way of the economics of slavery. Your children could be taken from you and literally sold down the river. - Kerry Washington
Do not put such unlimited power into the hands of husbands. Remember all men would be tyrants if they could. - Abigail Adams
Dawn: When men of reason go to bed. - Ambrose Bierce
Men are strong so long as they represent a strong idea they become powerless when they oppose it. - Sigmund Freud
All men are not created equal but should be treated as though they were under the law. - Andy Rooney
Happy is he who still loves something he loved in the nursery: He has not been broken in two by time he is not two men, but one, and he has saved not only his soul but his life. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
Aristotle could have avoided the mistake of thinking that women have fewer teeth than men, by the simple device of asking Mrs. Aristotle to keep her mouth open while he counted. - Bertrand Russell
The history of free men is never really written by chance but by choice their choice! - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Sometimes the first duty of intelligent men is the restatement of the obvious. - George Orwell
Men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage - they've experienced pain and bought jewelry. - Rita Rudner
It's absolutely stupid that we live without an ozone layer. We have men, we've got rockets, we've got saran wrap - fix it! - Lewis Black
Men do less than they ought, unless they do all that they can. - Thomas Carlyle
The latest research has revealed that women have a higher IQ than men. - A. N. Wilson
There is a great discovery still to be made in literature, that of paying literary men by the quantity they do not write. - Thomas Carlyle
To reform a world, to reform a nation, no wise man will undertake and all but foolish men know, that the only solid, though a far slower reformation, is what each begins and perfects on himself. - Thomas Carlyle
No sadder proof can be given by a man of his own littleness than disbelief in great men. - Thomas Carlyle
As long as men are free to ask what they must, free to say what they think, free to think what they will, freedom can never be lost and science can never regress. - Marcel Proust
My weaknesses have always been food and men - in that order. - Dolly Parton
It is from a weakness and smallness of mind that men are opinionated and we are very loath to believe what we are not able to comprehend. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
All sorts of computer errors are now turning up. You'd be surprised to know the number of doctors who claim they are treating pregnant men. - Isaac Asimov
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away. - Sophocles
If all men knew what others say of them, there would not be four friends in the world. - Blaise Pascal
As men are not able to fight against death, misery, ignorance, they have taken it into their heads, in order to be happy, not to think of them at all. - Blaise Pascal
The most dangerous criminal now is the entirely lawless modern philosopher. Compared to him, burglars and bigamists are essentially moral men. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
All men and women have an equal need for love. When these needs are not fulfilled it is easy to have our feelings hurt, for which we blame our partner. - John Gray
I do not consider it an insult, but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic. I do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure - that is all that agnosticism means. - Clarence Darrow
I like being a woman, even in a man's world. After all, men can't wear dresses, but we can wear the pants. - Whitney Houston
When women hold off from marrying men, we call it independence. When men hold off from marrying women, we call it fear of commitment. - Warren Farrell
The sensitivity of men to small matters, and their indifference to great ones, indicates a strange inversion. - Blaise Pascal
Brave men are all vertebrates they have their softness on the surface and their toughness in the middle. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
It is only when men begin to worship that they begin to grow. - Calvin Coolidge
With reasonable men, I will reason with humane men I will plead but to tyrants I will give no quarter, nor waste arguments where they will certainly be lost. - William Lloyd Garrison
Women want mediocre men, and men are working to be as mediocre as possible. - Margaret Mead
Men are governed by lines of intellect - women: by curves of emotion. - James Joyce
The highest prize in a world of men is the most beautiful woman available on your arm and living there in her heart loyal to you. - Norman Mailer
What a curious phenomenon it is that you can get men to die for the liberty of the world who will not make the little sacrifice that is needed to free themselves from their own individual bondage. - Bruce Barton
Men become civilized, not in proportion to their willingness to believe, but in proportion to their readiness to doubt. - Ambrose Bierce
Men feel that cruelty to the poor is a kind of cruelty to animals. They never feel that it is an injustice to equals nay it is treachery to comrades. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
Fable is more historical than fact, because fact tells us about one man and fable tells us about a million men. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
All men commend patience, although few are willing to practice it. - Thomas a Kempis
Republicans are men of narrow vision, who are afraid of the future. - Jimmy Carter
Death, so called, is a thing which makes men weep, And yet a third of life is passed in sleep. - Lord Byron
Because wherever I am today, I still owe it to God and I owe it to two men - the Honorable Elijah Muhammad and Malcolm X and of course, two very special women, my mother and my wife. - Louis Farrakhan
A great many men's gratitude is nothing but a secret desire to hook in more valuable kindnesses hereafter. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
What is grand is necessarily obscure to weak men. That which can be made explicit to the idiot is not worth my care. - William Blake
When I look upon seamen, men of science and philosophers, man is the wisest of all beings when I look upon priests and prophets nothing is as contemptible as man. - Diogenes
The planter, the farmer, the mechanic, and the laborer... form the great body of the people of the United States, they are the bone and sinew of the country men who love liberty and desire nothing but equal rights and equal laws. - Andrew Jackson
Men often pass from love to ambition, but they seldom come back again from ambition to love. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
History has taught us over and over again that freedom is not free. When push comes to shove, the ultimate protectors of freedom and liberty are the brave men and women in our armed forces. Throughout our history, they've answered the call in bravery and sacrifice. - Tim Pawlenty
As soon as men decide that all means are permitted to fight an evil, then their good becomes indistinguishable from the evil that they set out to destroy. - Christopher Dawson
It might be pardonable to refuse to defend some men, but to defend them negligently is nothing short of criminal. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
When I was a boy, the Sioux owned the world. The sun rose and set on their land they sent ten thousand men to battle. Where are the warriors today? Who slew them? Where are our lands? Who owns them? - Sitting Bull
Men would live exceedingly quiet if these two words, mine and thine, were taken away. - Anaxagoras
Grown men can learn from very little children for the hearts of little children are pure. Therefore, the Great Spirit may show to them many things which older people miss. - Black Elk
Two things control men's nature, instinct and experience. - Blaise Pascal
Older men declare war. But it is the youth that must fight and die. - Herbert Hoover
Great things are done when men and mountains meet. - William Blake
Men are not great or small because of their material possessions. They are great or small because of what they are. - James Cash Penney
It is easier to lead men to combat, stirring up their passion, than to restrain them and direct them toward the patient labors of peace. - Andre Gide
Men despise religion. They hate it and are afraid it may be true. - Blaise Pascal
Decisiveness is a characteristic of high-performing men and women. Almost any decision is better than no decision at all. - Brian Tracy
There is no better proof of a man's being truly good than his desiring to be constantly under the observation of good men. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold. - Ogden Nash
It is not in the nature of politics that the best men should be elected. The best men do not want to govern their fellowmen. - George MacDonald
All soldiers who serve their country and put their lives at risk need to know that if something happens to them, their families will be well taken care of. That's the bond we have with our military men and women and their families. - Jeff Sessions
We need men with moral courage to speak and write their real thoughts, and to stand by their convictions, even to the very death. - Robert Green Ingersoll
Live as brave men and if fortune is adverse, front its blows with brave hearts. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
I get along with guys most of my friends are guys. It's easier to trust men sometimes. I only have a few close girlfriends that I trust. - Paris Hilton
I was surrounded by strong women so it had never even occurred to me that women were anything other than equal to men. - David Bailey
A good boss makes his men realize they have more ability than they think they have so that they consistently do better work than they thought they could. - Charles Erwin Wilson
Although I do wrong, I do not the wrongs that I am charged with doing the wrong that I do is through the frailty of human nature, like other men. No man lives without fault. - Joseph Smith, Jr.
The happiness and misery of men depend no less on temper than fortune. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
I'm done with men... I'm going to be alone. I have no luck with relationships. I don't think I'm made for marriage. - Halle Berry
Most people know no other way of judging men's worth but by the vogue they are in, or the fortunes they have met with. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
A silent man is easily reputed wise. A man who suffers none to see him in the common jostle and undress of life, easily gathers round him a mysterious veil of unknown sanctity, and men honor him for a saint. The unknown is always wonderful. - Frederick William Robertson
Violence and arms can never resolve the problems of men. - Pope John Paul II
Men always talk about the most important things to perfect strangers. In the perfect stranger we perceive man himself the image of a God is not disguised by resemblances to an uncle or doubts of wisdom of a mustache. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
It is difficult for a woman to define her feelings in language which is chiefly made by men to express theirs. - Thomas Hardy
Most men are very attached to the idea of being male, and usually experience a lot of fear and insecurity around the idea of being a man. Most women are very identified with their gender, and also experience a tremendous amount of fear and insecurity. - Andrew Cohen
Men do not have to cook their food they do so for symbolic reasons to show they are men and not beasts. - Edmund Leach
Something unpleasant is coming when men are anxious to tell the truth. - Benjamin Disraeli
Men are so necessarily mad, that not to be mad would amount to another form of madness. - Blaise Pascal
A time will come when a politician who has willfully made war and promoted international dissension will be as sure of the dock and much surer of the noose than a private homicide. It is not reasonable that those who gamble with men's lives should not stake their own. - H. G. Wells
If there existed no external means for dimming their consciences, one-half of the men would at once shoot themselves, because to live contrary to one's reason is a most intolerable state, and all men of our time are in such a state. - Leo Tolstoy
False happiness renders men stern and proud, and that happiness is never communicated. True happiness renders them kind and sensible, and that happiness is always shared. - Charles de Montesquieu
I know there is a Supreme Being who rules the affairs of men and whose goodness and mercy have always followed the American people, and I know He will not turn from us now if we humbly and reverently seek His powerful aid. - Grover Cleveland
Men's ideas are the most direct emanations of their material state. - Karl Marx
Give to everyone who begs from you and of him who takes away your goods do not ask them again. And as you wish that men would do to you, do so to them. - Jesus Christ
For real change, we need feminine energy in the management of the world. We need a critical number of women in positions of power, and we need to nurture the feminine energy in men. - Isabel Allende
Love, it has been said, flows downward. The love of parents for their children has always been far more powerful than that of children for their parents and who among the sons of men ever loved God with a thousandth part of the love which God has manifested to us? - Augustus Hare
Moderation has been called a virtue to limit the ambition of great men, and to console undistinguished people for their want of fortune and their lack of merit. - Benjamin Disraeli
The men who learn endurance, are they who call the whole world, brother. - Charles Dickens
A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men. - Roald Dahl
Some men never feel small, but these are the few men who are. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
Make no little plans they have no magic to stir men's blood. - Daniel Burnham
What affects men sharply about a foreign nation is not so much finding or not finding familiar things it is rather not finding them in the familiar place. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
All men should strive to learn before they die, what they are running from, and to, and why. - James Thurber
Some people think having large breasts makes a woman stupid. Actually, it's quite the opposite: a woman having large breasts makes men stupid. - Rita Rudner
Men are liars. We'll lie about lying if we have to. I'm an algebra liar. I figure two good lies make a positive. - Tim Allen
If men and women are to understand each other, to enter into each other's nature with mutual sympathy, and to become capable of genuine comradeship, the foundation must be laid in youth. - Havelock Ellis
Many men have been capable of doing a wise thing, more a cunning thing, but very few a generous thing. - Alexander Pope
I love being a woman and I was not one of these women who rose through professional life by wearing men's clothes or looking masculine. I loved wearing bright colors and being who I am. - Madeleine Albright
The story of the human race is the story of men and women selling themselves short. - Abraham Maslow
If it's natural to kill, how come men have to go into training to learn how? - Joan Baez
Our duty, as men and women, is to proceed as if limits to our ability did not exist. We are collaborators in creation. - Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor as such differences become less, it grows feeble and when they disappear, it will vanish too. - Alexis de Tocqueville
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them. - Epictetus
And remember, where you have a concentration of power in a few hands, all too frequently men with the mentality of gangsters get control. History has proven that. - Lord Acton
In reading the lives of great men, I found that the first victory they won was over themselves... self-discipline with all of them came first. - Harry S. Truman
It is generally recognised that women are better than men at languages, personal relations and multi-tasking, but less good at map-reading and spatial awareness. It is therefore not unreasonable to suppose that women might be less good at mathematics and physics. - Stephen Hawking
Men blaspheme what they do not know. - Blaise Pascal
The greater intellect one has, the more originality one finds in men. Ordinary persons find no difference between men. - Blaise Pascal
If men are honest, everything they do and everywhere they go is for a chance to see women. - Jack Nicholson
To tax and to please, no more than to love and to be wise, is not given to men. - Edmund Burke
There are one hundred men seeking security to one able man who is willing to risk his fortune. - J. Paul Getty
It is, generally, in the season of prosperity that men discover their real temper, principles, and designs. - Edmund Burke
I think that the day you've figured out the differences between women and men is the day that you're no longer attracted to women. It's the difference that is so fantastic and frustrating and angering, and really sexy. - Kiefer Sutherland
Produce great men, the rest follows. - Walt Whitman
Wives are young men's mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men's nurses. - Francis Bacon
All men having power ought to be distrusted to a certain degree. - James Madison
Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude. - Arthur Schopenhauer
Such is the nature of men, that howsoever they may acknowledge many others to be more witty, or more eloquent, or more learned yet they will hardly believe there be many so wise as themselves. - Thomas Hobbes
Men are by nature merely indifferent to one another but women are by nature enemies. - Arthur Schopenhauer
All men profess honesty as long as they can. To believe all men honest would be folly. To believe none so is something worse. - John Quincy Adams
I am truly free only when all human beings, men and women, are equally free. The freedom of other men, far from negating or limiting my freedom, is, on the contrary, its necessary premise and confirmation. - Mikhail Bakunin
All men are created equal, it is only men themselves who place themselves above equality. - David Allan Coe
You should read history and look at ostracism, persecution, martyrdom, and that kind of thing. They always happen to the best men, you know. - George Eliot
Women think with their whole bodies and they see things as a whole more than men do. - Dorothy Day
If I err in belief that the souls of men are immortal, I gladly err, nor do I wish this error which gives me pleasure to be wrested from me while I live. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
Men are born with two eyes, but with one tongue, in order that they should see twice as much as they say. - Charles Caleb Colton
Forgive, son men are men they needs must err. - Euripides
No lying knight or lying priest ever prospered in any age, but especially not in the dark ones. Men prospered then only in following an openly declared purpose, and preaching candidly beloved and trusted creeds. - John Ruskin
We all fight over what the label 'feminism' means but for me it's about empowerment. It's not about being more powerful than men - it's about having equal rights with protection, support, justice. It's about very basic things. It's not a badge like a fashion item. - Annie Lennox
Nothing doth more hurt in a state than that cunning men pass for wise. - Francis Bacon
It is a sad thing when men have neither the wit to speak well nor the judgment to hold their tongues. - Jean de la Bruyere
Men often take their imagination for their heart and they believe they are converted as soon as they think of being converted. - Blaise Pascal
Many men are contemptuous of riches few can give them away. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
When women are depressed, they eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. It's a whole different way of thinking. - Elayne Boosler
There are but very few men clever enough to know all the mischief they do. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
The production of children, the nurture of those born, and the daily life of men, of these matters woman is visibly the cause. - Guru Nanak
Being a woman is a terribly difficult task, since it consists principally in dealing with men. - Joseph Conrad
A good part - and definitely the most fun part - of being a feminist is about frightening men. - Julie Burchill
If boyhood and youth are but vanity, must it not be our ambition to become men? - Vincent Van Gogh
Millions of men have lived to fight, build palaces and boundaries, shape destinies and societies but the compelling force of all times has been the force of originality and creation profoundly affecting the roots of human spirit. - Ansel Adams
Monkeys are superior to men in this: when a monkey looks into a mirror, he sees a monkey. - Malcolm De Chazal
We do not want the men of another color for our brothers-in-law, but we do want them for our brothers. - Booker T. Washington
Money is the worst currency that ever grew among mankind. This sacks cities, this drives men from their homes, this teaches and corrupts the worthiest minds to turn base deeds. - Sophocles
A great deal of talent is lost to the world for want of a little courage. Every day sends to their graves obscure men whose timidity prevented them from making a first effort. - Sydney Smith
All men are liable to error and most men are, in many points, by passion or interest, under temptation to it. - John Locke
Man is not the creature of circumstances, circumstances are the creatures of men. We are free agents, and man is more powerful than matter. - Benjamin Disraeli
Here men from the planet Earth first set foot upon the Moon. July 1969 AD. We came in peace for all mankind. - Neil Armstrong
But men must know, that in this theatre of man's life it is reserved only for God and angels to be lookers on. - Francis Bacon
It's rather splendid to think of all those great men and women who appear to have presented symptoms that allow us to describe them as bipolar. Whether it's Hemingway, Van Gogh... Robert Schumann has been mentioned... Virginia Woolf, Sylvia Plath... some of them with rather grim ends. - Stephen Fry
Men are able to trust one another, knowing the exact degree of dishonesty they are entitled to expect. - Stephen Leacock
When I was younger, I was terrified to express anger because it would often kick-start a horrible reaction in the men in my life. So I bit my tongue. I was left to painstakingly deal with the aftermath of my avoidance later in life, in therapy or through the lyrics of my songs. - Alanis Morissette
Men know everything - all of them - all the time - no matter how stupid or inexperienced or arrogant or ignorant they are. - Andrea Dworkin
Women's fashion is a subtle form of bondage. It's men's way of binding them. We put them in these tight, high-heeled shoes, we make them wear these tight clothes and we say they look sexy. But they're actually tied up. - David Duchovny
All men of action are dreamers. - James Huneker
Justice consists in doing no injury to men decency in giving them no offense. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
There are more men ennobled by study than by nature. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
We must conceive of this whole universe as one commonwealth of which both gods and men are members. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
The worst men often give the best advice. - Francis Bacon
Men will bear many things from a kept mistress, which they would not bear from a wife. - Samuel Richardson
I do not wish women to have power over men but over themselves. - Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley
Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themselves for their inability to give bad examples. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
It is easier to know men in general, than men in particular. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
No longer shall I paint interiors with men reading and women knitting. I will paint living people who breathe and feel and suffer and love. - Edvard Munch
Few things are impracticable in themselves and it is for want of application, rather than of means, that men fail to succeed. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
There are a great many men valued in society who have nothing to recommend them but serviceable vices. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
There is nothing men are so generous of as advice. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Men know they are sexual exiles. They wander the earth seeking satisfaction, craving and despising, never content. There is nothing in that anguished motion for women to envy. - Camille Paglia
No men are oftener wrong than those that can least bear to be so. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
We are all strong enough to bear other men's misfortunes. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Though men are apt to flatter and exalt themselves with their great achievements, yet these are, in truth, very often owing not so much to design as chance. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
As to the deceit perpetrated upon women, let it pass, for, when love is in the way, men and women as a general rule dupe each other. - Giacomo Casanova
What is most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. - Alexis de Tocqueville
The vote is the most powerful instrument ever devised by man for breaking down injustice and destroying the terrible walls which imprison men because they are different from other men. - Lyndon B. Johnson
We should have a State in which we could live and breathe as free men and which we could develop according to our own lights and culture and where principles of Islamic social justice could find free play. - Muhammad Ali Jinnah
Give me six lines written by the most honorable of men, and I will find an excuse in them to hang him. - Cardinal Richelieu
When men sow the wind it is rational to expect that they will reap the whirlwind. - Frederick Douglass
Education then, beyond all other devices of human origin, is the great equalizer of the conditions of men, the balance-wheel of the social machinery. - Horace Mann
Fame and power are the objects of all men. Even their partial fruition is gained by very few and that, too, at the expense of social pleasure, health, conscience, life. - Benjamin Disraeli
As Americans, we don't see the role of government as guaranteeing outcomes, but allowing free men and women to flourish based on their own vision, their hard work and their personal responsibility. - Rick Perry
Wise men make more opportunities than they find. - Francis Bacon
Men who want to support women in our struggle for freedom and justice should understand that it is not terrifically important to us that they learn to cry it is important to us that they stop the crimes of violence against us. - Andrea Dworkin
At the bottom of not a little of the bravery that appears in the world, there lurks a miserable cowardice. Men will face powder and steel because they have not the courage to face public opinion. - Edwin Hubbel Chapin
What is the price of experience? Do men buy it for a song? Or wisdom for a dance in the street? No, it is bought with the price of all the man hath, his house, his wife, his children. - William Blake
Men die in despair, while spirits die in ecstasy. - Honore de Balzac
Punishment is now unfashionable... because it creates moral distinctions among men, which, to the democratic mind, are odious. We prefer a meaningless collective guilt to a meaningful individual responsibility. - Thomas Szasz
It disturbs me no more to find men base, unjust, or selfish than to see apes mischievous, wolves savage, or the vulture ravenous. - Jean-Paul Sartre
An artist needn't be a clergyman or a churchwarden, but he certainly must have a warm heart for his fellow men. - Vincent Van Gogh
It is our duty as men and women to proceed as though the limits of our abilities do not exist. - Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
Labor disgraces no man unfortunately, you occasionally find men who disgrace labor. - Ulysses S. Grant
We cannot learn men from books. - Benjamin Disraeli
The best teamwork comes from men who are working independently toward one goal in unison. - James Cash Penney
Most men are individuals no longer so far as their business, its activities, or its moralities are concerned. They are not units but fractions. - Charles Dickens
It is not because angels are holier than men or devils that makes them angels, but because they do not expect holiness from one another, but from God only. - William Blake
The unique and supreme voluptuousness of love lies in the certainty of committing evil. And men and women know from birth that in evil is found all sensual delight. - Charles Baudelaire
I have known more men destroyed by the desire to have wife and child and to keep them in comfort than I have seen destroyed by drink and harlots. - William Butler Yeats
It is not true that suffering ennobles the character happiness does that sometimes, but suffering for the most part, makes men petty and vindictive. - W. Somerset Maugham
It is a clear truth that those who every day barter away other men's liberty will soon care little for their own. - James Otis
A strong hatred is the best lamp to bear in our hands as we go over the dark places of life, cutting away the dead things men tell us to revere. - Rebecca West
The important work of moving the world forward does not wait to be done by perfect men. - George Eliot
Much may be done in those little shreds and patches of time which every day produces, and which most men throw away. - Charles Caleb Colton
Men should be like Kleenex, soft, strong and disposable. - Cher
Men do change, and change comes like a little wind that ruffles the curtains at dawn, and it comes like the stealthy perfume of wildflowers hidden in the grass. - John Steinbeck
The strength and power of a country depends absolutely on the quantity of good men and women in it. - John Ruskin
The only language men ever speak perfectly is the one they learn in babyhood, when no one can teach them anything! - Maria Montessori
The average bright young man who is drafted hates the whole business because an army always tries to eliminate the individual differences in men. - Andy Rooney
I have known war as few men now living know it. It's very destructiveness on both friend and foe has rendered it useless as a means of settling international disputes. - Douglas MacArthur
Men, their rights, and nothing more women, their rights, and nothing less. - Susan B. Anthony
Women, as they grow older, rely more and more on cosmetics. Men, as they grow older, rely more and more on a sense of humor. - George Jean Nathan
I once heard two ladies going on and on about the pains of childbirth and how men don't seem to know what real pain is. I asked if either of them ever got themselves caught in a zipper. - Emo Philips
Only men who are not interested in women are interested in women's clothes. Men who like women never notice what they wear. - Anatole France
To judge from the notions expounded by theologians, one must conclude that God created most men simply with a view to crowding hell. - Marquis de Sade
As soon as laws are necessary for men, they are no longer fit for freedom. - Pythagoras
We must make it clear that a platform of 'I hate gay men and women' is not a way to become president of the United States. - Jimmy Carter
Either war is obsolete, or men are. - R. Buckminster Fuller
Ah, lives of men! When prosperous they glitter - Like a fair picture when misfortune comes - A wet sponge at one blow has blurred the painting. - Aeschylus
Men do not shape destiny, Destiny produces the man for the hour. - Fidel Castro
Married men live longer than single men. But married men are a lot more willing to die. - Johnny Carson
Is it not rather what we expect in men, that they should have numerous strands of experience lying side by side and never compare them with each other? - George Eliot
On Monday mornings I am dedicated to the proposition that all men are created jerks. - H. Allen Smith
But the problem is that when I go around and speak on campuses, I still don't get young men standing up and saying, 'How can I combine career and family?' - Gertrude Stein
It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear, but the pale and the hungry-looking. - Julius Caesar
Men should only believe half of what women say. But which half? - Jean Giraudoux
When we tire of well-worn ways, we seek for new. This restless craving in the souls of men spurs them to climb, and to seek the mountain view. - Ella Wheeler Wilcox
The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn. - Gloria Steinem
As far as the men who are running for president are concerned, they aren't even people I would date. - Nora Ephron
As soon as the land of any country has all become private property, the landlords, like all other men, love to reap where they never sowed, and demand a rent even for its natural produce. - Adam Smith
Women are systematically degraded by receiving the trivial attentions which men think it manly to pay to the sex, when, in fact, men are insultingly supporting their own superiority. - Mary Wollstonecraft
English culture is basically homosexual in the sense that the men only really care about other men. - Germaine Greer
Whatever women do, they must do twice as well as men to be half as good. Luckily, this is not difficult. - Charlotte Whitton
There is one thing women can never take away from men. We die sooner. - P. J. O'Rourke
Rules are for the obedience of fools and the guidance of wise men. - Douglas Bader
Men should pledge themselves to nothing for reflection makes a liar of their resolution. - Sophocles
For this equilibrium now in sight, let us trust that mankind, as it has occurred in the greatest periods of its past, will find for itself a new code of ethics, common to all, made of tolerance, of courage, and of faith in the Spirit of men. - Albert Claude
CNN found that Hillary Clinton is the most admired woman in America. Women admire her because she's strong and successful. Men admire her because she allows her husband to cheat and get away with it. - Jay Leno
Let us leave pretty women to men devoid of imagination. - Marcel Proust
When men hear women want a commitment, they think it means commitment to a romantic relationship, but that's not it. It's a commitment to not floating around anymore. I want a guy who is entrenched in his own life. Entrenched is awesome. - Mindy Kaling
Ideas devour the ages as men are devoured by their passions. When man is cured, human nature will cure itself perhaps. - Honore de Balzac
Many men are deeply moved by the mere semblance of suffering in a woman they take the look of pain for a sign of constancy or of love. - Honore de Balzac
I know many married men, I even know a few happily married men, but I don't know one who wouldn't fall down the first open coal hole running after the first pretty girl who gave him a wink. - George Jean Nathan
No struggle can ever succeed without women participating side by side with men. - Muhammad Ali Jinnah
Once men are caught up in an event, they cease to be afraid. Only the unknown frightens men. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
I believe there is complete equality between men and women. And I believe those passages in the New Testament, not by Jesus, but by Paul, that say women should not adorn themselves, they should always wear hats or color their hair in church - things like that - I think they are signs of the times and should not apply to modern-day life. - Jimmy Carter
A civilization is built on what is required of men, not on that which is provided for them. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
The root of all superstition is that men observe when a thing hits, but not when it misses. - Francis Bacon
The same principles which at first view lead to skepticism, pursued to a certain point, bring men back to common sense. - George Berkeley
As long as man continues to be the ruthless destroyer of lower living beings he will never know health or peace. For as long as men massacre animals, they will kill each other. - Pythagoras
I hate this fast growing tendency to chain men to machines in big factories and deprive them of all joy in their efforts - the plan will lead to cheap men and cheap products. - Richard Wagner
They died hard, those savage men - like wounded wolves at bay. They were filthy, and they were lousy, and they stunk. And I loved them. - Douglas MacArthur
Men in general are quick to believe that which they wish to be true. - Julius Caesar
All men's misfortunes spring from their hatred of being alone. - Jean de la Bruyere
Why is it that, as a culture, we are more comfortable seeing two men holding guns than holding hands? - Ernest Gaines
The chief difference between words and deeds is that words are always intended for men for their approbation, but deeds can be done only for God. - Leo Tolstoy
Reasonable men adapt to the world around them unreasonable men make the world adapt to them. The world is changed by unreasonable men. - Edwin Louis Cole
One can be a brother only in something. Where there is no tie that binds men, men are not united but merely lined up. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Men judge us by the success of our efforts. God looks at the efforts themselves. - Charlotte Bronte
Only the unknown frightens men. But once a man has faced the unknown, that terror becomes the known. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
The 'morality of compromise' sounds contradictory. Compromise is usually a sign of weakness, or an admission of defeat. Strong men don't compromise, it is said, and principles should never be compromised. - Andrew Carnegie
Men do not understand books until they have a certain amount of life, or at any rate no man understands a deep book, until he has seen and lived at least part of its contents. - Ezra Pound
Study men, not historians. - Harry S. Truman
The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary men alone are quite capable of every wickedness. - Joseph Conrad
Injustice, poverty, slavery, ignorance - these may be cured by reform or revolution. But men do not live only by fighting evils. They live by positive goals, individual and collective, a vast variety of them, seldom predictable, at times incompatible. - Isaiah Berlin
He had read much, if one considers his long life but his contemplation was much more than his reading. He was wont to say that if he had read as much as other men he should have known no more than other men. - Isaac Asimov
Controversy equalizes fools and wise men - and the fools know it. - Oliver Wendell Holmes
Girls have an unfair advantage over men: if they can't get what they want by being smart, they can get it by being dumb. - Yul Brynner
Men trust their ears less than their eyes. - Herodotus
Our whole constitutional heritage rebels at the thought of giving government the power to control men's minds. - Thurgood Marshall
At every crossroads on the path that leads to the future, tradition has placed 10,000 men to guard the past. - Maurice Maeterlinck
Every woman needs one man in her life who is strong and responsible. Given this security, she can proceed to do what she really wants to do-fall in love with men who are weak and irresponsible. - Richard J. Needham
We say nothing essential about the cathedral when we speak of its stones. We say nothing essential about Man when we seek to define him by the qualities of men. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
There is frequently more to be learned from the unexpected questions of a child than the discourses of men. - John Locke
Wine hath drowned more men than the sea. - Thomas Fuller
The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they are sober. - William Butler Yeats
Some old men, continually praise the time of their youth. In fact, you would almost think that there were no fools in their days, but unluckily they themselves are left as an example. - Alexander Pope
Inconsistencies in men are generally testimony to their immaturity. - Edwin Louis Cole
I do not consider divorce an evil by any means. It is just as much a refuge for women married to brutal men as Canada was to the slaves of brutal masters. - Susan B. Anthony
If one were to bring ten of the wisest men in the world together and ask them what was the most stupid thing in existence, they would not be able to discover anything so stupid as astrology. - David Hilbert
Strong women only marry weak men. - Bette Davis
Men don't and can't live by exchanging articles, but by producing them. They don't live by trade, but by work. Give up that foolish and vain title of Trades Unions and take that of laborers Unions. - John Ruskin
Prejudices are so to speak the mechanical instincts of men: through their prejudices they do without any effort many things they would find too difficult to think through to the point of resolving to do them. - Georg C. Lichtenberg
No man has any natural authority over his fellow men. - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
In a free society the state does not administer the affairs of men. It administers justice among men who conduct their own affairs. - Walter Lippmann
The most positive men are the most credulous. - Alexander Pope
My mother was the most beautiful woman I ever saw. All I am I owe to my mother. I attribute all my success in life to the moral, intellectual and physical education I received from her. - George Washington
The natural state of motherhood is unselfishness. When you become a mother, you are no longer the center of your own universe. You relinquish that position to your children. - Jessica Lange
My mother had a great deal of trouble with me, but I think she enjoyed it. - Mark Twain
Men are what their mothers made them. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
My mother said to me, 'If you are a soldier, you will become a general. If you are a monk, you will become the Pope.' Instead, I was a painter, and became Picasso. - Pablo Picasso
Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own. - Aristotle
The mother-child relationship is paradoxical and, in a sense, tragic. It requires the most intense love on the mother's side, yet this very love must help the child grow away from the mother, and to become fully independent. - Erich Fromm
Only God Himself fully appreciates the influence of a Christian mother in the molding of character in her children. - Billy Graham
That strong mother doesn't tell her cub, Son, stay weak so the wolves can get you. She says, Toughen up, this is reality we are living in. - Lauryn Hill
It is not until you become a mother that your judgment slowly turns to compassion and understanding. - Erma Bombeck
I ask people why they have deer heads on their walls. They always say because it's such a beautiful animal. There you go. I think my mother is attractive, but I have photographs of her. - Ellen DeGeneres
I am sure that if the mothers of various nations could meet, there would be no more wars. - E. M. Forster
When you are a mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts. A mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child. - Sophia Loren
Yes, Mother. I can see you are flawed. You have not hidden it. That is your greatest gift to me. - Alice Walker
Sweater, n.: garment worn by child when its mother is feeling chilly. - Ambrose Bierce
Who in their infinite wisdom decreed that Little League uniforms be white? Certainly not a mother. - Erma Bombeck
The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom. - Henry Ward Beecher
My mother taught me about the power of inspiration and courage, and she did it with a strength and a passion that I wish could be bottled. - Carly Fiorina
My mother taught me to treat a lady respectfully. - Chris Brown
I've been through it all, baby, I'm mother courage. - Elizabeth Taylor
Being a mother is hard and it wasn't a subject I ever studied. - Ruby Wax
It is only in the act of nursing that a woman realizes her motherhood in visible and tangible fashion it is a joy of every moment. - Honore de Balzac
I'm a Mommy's Girl - the strongest influence in my young life was my mom. - Susie Bright
When you have a good mother and no father, God kind of sits in. It's not enough, but it helps. - Dick Gregory
Mothers always find ways to fit in the work - but then when you're working, you feel that you should be spending time with your children and then when you're with your children, you're thinking about working. - Alice Hoffman
How simple a thing it seems to me that to know ourselves as we are, we must know our mothers names. - Alice Walker
Every man must define his identity against his mother. If he does not, he just falls back into her and is swallowed up. - Camille Paglia
My mother used to tell me man gives the award, God gives the reward. I don't need another plaque. - Denzel Washington
Motherhood is priced Of God, at price no man may dare To lessen or misunderstand. - Helen Hunt Jackson
The fastest way to break the cycle of perfectionism and become a fearless mother is to give up the idea of doing it perfectly - indeed to embrace uncertainty and imperfection. - Arianna Huffington
Throughout my life, my mom has been the person that I've always looked up to. - Mike Krzyzewski
When motherhood becomes the fruit of a deep yearning, not the result of ignorance or accident, its children will become the foundation of a new race. - Margaret Sanger
Completeness? Happiness? These words don't come close to describing my emotions. There truly is nothing I can say to capture what motherhood means to me, particularly given my medical history. - Anita Baker
Motherhood has a very humanizing effect. Everything gets reduced to essentials. - Meryl Streep
What do girls do who haven't any mothers to help them through their troubles? - Louisa May Alcott
Only mothers can think of the future - because they give birth to it in their children. - Maxim Gorky
Take motherhood: nobody ever thought of putting it on a moral pedestal until some brash feminists pointed out, about a century ago, that the pay is lousy and the career ladder nonexistent. - Barbara Ehrenreich
I was a brownie for a day. My mom made me stop. She didn't want me to conform. - Sandra Bullock
Mothers are the necessity of invention. - Bill Watterson
Where there is a mother in the home, matters go well. - Amos Bronson Alcott
I was raised by a single mother who made a way for me. She used to scrub floors as a domestic worker, put a cleaning rag in her pocketbook and ride the subways in Brooklyn so I would have food on the table. But she taught me as I walked her to the subway that life is about not where you start, but where you're going. That's family values. - Al Sharpton
My mom always said that there would be haters. Not everyone can love ya. - Joel Madden
I may be the only mother in America who knows exactly what their child is up to all the time. - Barbara Bush
The Vatican is against surrogate mothers. Good thing they didn't have that rule when Jesus was born. - Elayne Boosler
Just as a mother finds pleasure in taking her little child on her lap, there to feed and caress him, in like manner our loving God shows His fondness for His beloved souls who have given themselves entirely to Him and have placed all their hope in His goodness. - Alphonsus Liguori
It's the moms of this nation - single, married, widowed - who really hold this country together. We're the mothers, we're the wives, we're the grandmothers, we're the big sisters, we're the little sisters, we're the daughters. You know it's true, don't you? You're the ones who always have to do a little more. - Ann Romney
If there were no schools to take the children away from home part of the time, the insane asylums would be filled with mothers. - E. W. Howe
I sing seriously to my mom on the phone. To put her to sleep, I have to sing 'Maria' from West Side Story. When I hear her snoring, I hang up. - Adam Sandler
My mother was a personal friend of God's. They had ongoing conversations. - Della Reese
I am no mother, and I won't be one. - Brigitte Bardot
Of all the roles I've played, none has been as fulfilling as being a mother. - Annette Funicello
Mothers don't let your daughters grow up to be models unless you're present. - Janice Dickinson
I owe much to mother. She had an expert's understanding, but also approached art emotionally. - David Rockefeller
A woman must combine the role of mother, wife and politician. - Emma Bonino
I wish my mother had left me something about how she felt growing up. I wish my grandmother had done the same. I wanted my girls to know me. - Carol Burnett
My mother taught me that we all have the power to achieve our dreams. What I lacked was the courage. - Clay Aiken
I basically became a cheerleader because I had a very strict mom. That was my way of being a bad girl. - Sandra Bullock
There are only two things a child will share willingly communicable diseases and its mother's age. - Benjamin Spock
Motherhood is the strangest thing, it can be like being one's own Trojan horse. - Rebecca West
Mommy smoked but she didn't want us to. She saw smoke coming out of the barn one time, so we got whipped. - Loretta Lynn
I loved raising my kids. I loved the process, the dirt of it, the tears of it, the frustration of it, Christmas, Easter, birthdays, growth charts, pediatrician appointments. I loved all of it. - Jane Elliot
I think while all mothers deal with feelings of guilt, working mothers are plagued by guilt on steroids! - Arianna Huffington
What is free time? I'm a single mother. My free moments are filled with loving my little girl. - Roma Downey
I am truly my mother's son. - David Geffen
My sisters and mom raised me to respect women and open doors for them. - Milo Ventimiglia
My mother gets all mad at me if I stay in a hotel. I'm 31-years-old, and I don't want to sleep on a sleeping bag down in the basement. It's humiliating. - Ben Affleck
I wanted to escape so badly. But of course I knew I couldn't just give up and leave school. It was only when I heard my mom's voice that I came out of my hiding place. - Zhang Ziyi
Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like. - Arnold Bennett
Everyone checks out my mom. My mom's hot. - Ashley Scott
I want to be a cool mom. - Tori Spelling
Why do grandparents and grandchildren get along so well? The mother. - Claudette Colbert
I want to be more successful as a mother than I am in show business. - Celine Dion
My mother worked in factories, worked as a domestic, worked in a restaurant, always had a second job. - Ed Bradley
I guess I was a mom so late in life, my daughter was the greatest thing since sliced bread. - Candice Bergen
Always it gave me a pang that my children had no lawful claim to a name. - Harriet Ann Jacobs
I think my mother is my biggest influence. There are so many things I hate about her but at the same time I'm thankful for her. All I know is that when I'm a parent I want to be just like my mom. I can talk to my mom more than any of my friends could talk to their parents. - Nikki Reed
I'm so happy and thankful I made it a point be a stay-at-home mom. - Candace Cameron Bure
I'd lose my mind if I heard my kid call the nanny Mommy. - Toni Braxton
My mother told me on several different occasions that she was livin' her dream vicariously through me. She once said that I was getting' to do all the things that she would have wanted to have done. - Buck Owens
My parents, especially my mother, were no influence on me whatsoever. - Andy Partridge
Motherhood is at its best when the tender chords of sympathy have been touched. - Paul Harris
Morality and its victim, the mother - what a terrible picture! Is there indeed anything more terrible, more criminal, than our glorified sacred function of motherhood? - Emma Goldman
The man in our society is the breadwinner the woman has enough to do as the homemaker, wife and mother. - Dorothy Fields
I stand fearlessly for small dogs, the American Flag, motherhood and the Bible. That's why people love me. - Art Linkletter
My mother thinks I could have even run a larger company. - Christie Hefner
My mom taught us the Serenity Prayer at a young age. - Toby Keith
What motivated me? My mother. My mother was an immigrant woman, a peasant woman, struggled all her life, worked in the garment center. - Al Lewis
The woman is uniformly sacrificed to the wife and mother. - Elizabeth Cady Stanton
I'm sure that my mom would have been happy with any path I chose. - Joely Fisher
I auditioned on my own. I tried to make a mark for myself without anybody's help, not even Mom's. - Kate Hudson
Giving birth was easier than having a tattoo. - Nicole Appleton
If my mom reads that I'm grammatically incorrect I'll have hell to pay. - Larisa Oleynik
If you ever become a mother, can I have one of the puppies? - Charles Pierce
I'd go to, like, six different schools in one year. We were on welfare, and my mom never ever worked. - Eminem
We need somebody who's got the heart, the empathy, to recognize what it's like to be a young teenage mom, the empathy to understand what it's like to be poor or African-American or gay or disabled or old - and that's the criterion by which I'll be selecting my judges. - Barack Obama
Dad needs to show an incredible amount of respect and humor and friendship toward his mate so the kids understand their parents are sexy, they're fun, they do things together, they're best friends. Kids learn by example. If I respect Mom, they're going to respect Mom. - Tim Allen
Mom and Dad were married 64 years. And if you wondered what their secret was, you could have asked the local florist - because every day Dad gave Mom a rose, which he put on her bedside table. That's how she found out what happened on the day my father died - she went looking for him because that morning, there was no rose. - Mitt Romney
My mom and dad gave their kids the greatest gift of all - the gift of unconditional love. They cared deeply about who we would be, and much less about what we would do. - Mitt Romney
A guy is a lump like a doughnut. So, first you gotta get rid of all the stuff his mom did to him. And then you gotta get rid of all that macho crap that they pick up from beer commercials. And then there's my personal favorite, the male ego. - Roseanne Barr
When my mom ran for the Senate, my dad was there for her every step of the way. I can still hear her saying in her beautiful voice, 'Why should women have any less say than men, about the great decisions facing our nation?' - Mitt Romney
Being a Hot Mom means being respected as a mom and a woman. And, the key to being a Hot Mom is having a sense of humor about yourself and all the crazy situations that arise. - Jami Gertz
I believe this with all my heart: The greatest coach of all time in my eyes is my mom. She's instilled in me a toughness and a perseverance and just a never-quit mentality, and I thank her every day for providing me, for what she sacrificed her life for. - Scott Brooks
My mom was such a strong character. I don't want to say she was like a man, but she was tough. - Lance Armstrong
My mom and I have always been really close. She's always been the friend that was always there. There were times when, in middle school and junior high, I didn't have a lot of friends. But my mom was always my friend. Always. - Taylor Swift
For everything I do, I think about a 6-year-old girl and her mom that I saw at my concert last night. I think about what those two individuals would think if I were at a club last night. I never want to be arrested, and I never want to get a DUI, those are my moral values. - Taylor Swift
It was my 16th birthday - my mom and dad gave me my Goya classical guitar that day. I sat down, wrote this song, and I just knew that that was the only thing I could ever really do - write songs and sing them to people. - Stevie Nicks
As a mom, I know it is my responsibility, and no one else's, to raise my kids. But we have to ask ourselves, what does it mean when so many parents are finding their best efforts undermined by an avalanche of advertisements aimed at our kids. - Michelle Obama
One of the greatest titles in the world is parent, and one of the biggest blessings in the world is to have parents to call mom and dad. - Jim DeMint
I love those hockey moms. You know what they say the difference between a hockey mom and a pit bull is? Lipstick. - Sarah Palin
For me, already being part of a single parent household and knowing it was just me and my mom, you'd would wake up times and hope that the next day you'd be able to be alongside your mother because she was out trying to make sure that I was taken care of. But all I cared about was her being home. - LeBron James
Don't let people disrespect you. My mom says don't open the door to the devil. Surround yourself with positive people. - Cuba Gooding, Jr.
Having a child makes you realize the importance of life - narcissism goes out the window. Heaven on earth is looking at my little boy. The minute he was born, I knew if I never did anything other than being a mom, I'd be fine. - Jenny McCarthy
My mom and I had the same vision, and we want the same things. We would always make a goal list every year. - Kim Kardashian
I don't want to be perfect, but I do want to be a role model. My mom always tells me that imperfections equal beauty. All of us are imperfect. - Miley Cyrus
When you are getting ready to become a mom, being in love with someone just isn't enough. You need to think about whether he would be a good parent and raise your children with similar beliefs. - Cindy Crawford
My sisters and my mom, those people help me get through every single day. - Demi Lovato
I told my mom, 'I'm not buying another magazine until I can get past this thought of looking like the girl on the cover'. She said, "Miley, you are the girl on the cover,' and I was, like, 'I know, but I don't feel like that girl every day.' You can't always feel perfect. - Miley Cyrus
When love is gone, there's always justice. And when justice is gone, there's always force. And when force is gone, there's always Mom. Hi, Mom! - Laurie Anderson
I love my mom. My mom loves me. We don't have an easy relationship. I don't think we ever will, but I'd rather have a complicated, misunderstood relationship than have no relationship at all. - Tori Spelling
My mom never taught me to be waiting for some prince on a white horse to swipe me off my feet. - Tyra Banks
I always wanted what Mom and Dad had. - Kim Kardashian
My dad is still Christian Scientist. My mom's not, and I'm not. But I believe in God, and that there's a higher power and an intelligence that's bigger than us and that we can rely on. It's not just us, thinking we are the ones in control of everything. That idea gives me support. - Ellen DeGeneres
My mom took me to see Carnal Knowledge and The Wild Bunch and all these kind of movies when I was a kid. - Quentin Tarantino
People think I have courage. The courage in my family are my wife Pam, my three daughters, here, Nicole, Jamie, LeeAnn, my mom, who's right here too. - Jim Valvano
When I was 5, some financial things happened, and I moved seven times in a year. We moved from apartment to apartment, sometimes living with friends. My mom would always say, 'Don't get comfortable, because we may not be here long.' - LeBron James
I can only hope to be 10 percent of the mom mine was to me. She encouraged me to be confident and enjoy life. That's what I want for my son. - Charlize Theron
You know, I don't think any mother aims to be a single mom. I didn't wish for that, but it happened. - Charlize Theron
My mom decorated with lots of antiques. I never liked it when I was a little girl - I wanted to live in a modern house. But now I love it. - Paris Hilton
Looking back, I think I was always musical. My dad was very musical, and I think my mom was musical. - Paul McCartney
It wasn't so long ago that I was a working mom myself. And I know that sometimes, much as we all hate to admit it, it's just easier to park the kids in front of the TV for a few hours, so we can pay the bills or do the laundry or just have some peace and quiet for a change. - Michelle Obama
The person who has inspired me my whole life is my Mom, because she taught me commitment. She sacrificed. - Mike Krzyzewski
My mom is always telling me it takes a long time to get to the top, but a short time to get to the bottom. - Miley Cyrus
My mom and I are very close. - Lady Gaga
My mom is the backbone not just of my family but of many families. - Shia LaBeouf
I could get away with not taking care of myself as a bachelorette but as a mom I can't. - Alanis Morissette
Mom was 50 when my Dad died. She got on a bus every weekday for years, and rode 40 miles each morning to Madison. She earned a new degree and learned new skills to start her small business. It wasn't just a new livelihood. It was a new life. - Paul Ryan
And to this day, my Mom is my role model. - Paul Ryan
A Romney-Ryan administration will protect and strengthen Medicare, for my Mom's generation, for my generation, and for my kids and yours. - Paul Ryan
What makes me happy is just curling up in with my mom in her bed and watching a marathon of 'CSI' and 'Grey's Anatomy' episodes with pints of ice cream. - Taylor Swift
I started cooking when I was about 10. I have memories like when I was 6 or 7 with my mom, and when I was 12 I started getting real serious about cooking. - Emeril Lagasse
Studies show that children best flourish when one mom and one dad are there to raise them. - John Boehner
I know I'm talented, but I wasn't put here to sing. I was put here to be a wife and a mom and look after my family. I love what I do, but it's not where it begins and ends. - Amy Winehouse
My mom was tough. - Tiger Woods
When I was really young, my mom enrolled me in dance classes. - Jeff Bridges
I think my love of journalizing my life comes from my mom. - Jeff Bridges
My mom wasn't a movie star. - Jeff Bridges
I became a mom at 37 and having a child has been an emancipation for me. - Tori Amos
My inspiration was my mom. She's a great cook, and she still cooks, and we still banter back and forth about cooking. Growing up in a mostly Portuguese community, food was important and the family table was extremely important. At a very young age I understood that. - Emeril Lagasse
My parents were working class folks. My dad was a bartender for most of his life, my mom was a maid and a cashier and a stock clerk at WalMart. We were not people of financial means in terms of significant financial means. I always told them, 'I didn't always have what I wanted. I always had what I needed.' My parents always provided that. - Marco Rubio
My dad was a bartender. My mom was a cashier, a maid and a stock clerk at K-Mart. They never made it big. They were never rich. And yet they were successful. Because just a few decades removed from hopelessness, they made possible for us all the things that had been impossible for them. - Marco Rubio
My mom and I have always been very close. She is my best friend. She had to make a lot of sacrifices early on in my life to make sure I got to do what I wanted to do. - Norah Jones
My mom brought me up to believe that my talent is a gift and a blessing. - Christina Aguilera
Thankfully, I have my mom and a small group of close friends who are there for me 24/7 and whom I can trust and depend on. - Christina Aguilera
I remember watching the Grammys and looking at the performances and crying to my mom, saying how much I wanted to be there. - Christina Aguilera
I always wanted to be a mom. - Heidi Klum
When I was younger, I had a perm, and it was really big. My mom was a hairdresser, so even my dad had a perm! I looked like a poodle, but it was cool at the time. - Heidi Klum
I'm a lioness. I have four cubs. I'm a mom. I want to take care of my kids and protect them. - Heidi Klum
My mom is at my house every day, and she nags me about everything, especially hygiene. - Shia LaBeouf
I remember driving to North Carolina when I was a little girl in a snowstorm to get down to my mom's family in the Carolinas. There were chains on the car - it was the late sixties - and we were just singing in the car. Christmas carols. - Tori Amos
When I was little, my mom tells me, I used to say things like, 'Mom do you hear the string section? Do you hear the string section?' And she would look at me and say, 'No honey, I don't know what you're talking about.' - Tori Amos
Being the only man in the household with my mom definitely helped me grow up fast. - LeBron James
If I could get any animal it would be a dolphin. I want one so bad. Me and my mom went swimming with dolphins and I was like, 'How do we get one of those?' and she was like, 'You can't get a dolphin. What are you gonna do, like, put it in your pool?' - Miley Cyrus
I'm not a religious person. My mom was of Jewish blood and my dad was Protestant. - Daniel Radcliffe
My dad believes in God, I think. I'm not sure if my mom does. I don't. - Daniel Radcliffe
Fortunately, when you're a mom, the responsibility of caring for your child can keep you going. - Shania Twain
My mom has made it possible for me to be who I am. Our family is everything. Her greatest skill was encouraging me to find my own person and own independence. - Charlize Theron
I forgive my mom for being a psycho and my dad for being a loser. - Nikki Sixx
It is a sad commentary of our times when our young must seek advice and counsel from 'Dear Abby' instead of going to Mom and Dad. - Abigail Van Buren
I hear my friends and my mom tell me I'm special, but honestly, I still don't get it. - LeBron James
My mom and I have always been there for each other. We had some tough times, but she was always there for me. - LeBron James
I don't want to have kids for like 10 years. I still have a lot to do. I don't even know if I could handle a dog right now. I'm so not ready. Someday I'll be a mom but not until I'm in my 30s. - Avril Lavigne
As a mom I know that raising children is the hardest job there is. - Hilary Rosen
I consider my mom and all my sisters my friends. - Alexa Vega
The best situation is being a single parent. The best part about is that you get time off, too, because the kids are with their mom, so it's the best of both worlds. There's a lot to be said for it. - Larry David
My mom, Irmelin, taught me the value of life. Her own life was saved by my grandmother during World War II. - Leonardo DiCaprio
I'm going to let people know that it's cool to have a child and be young and still be a good mom. It's really tough, but I'm doing it. - Brandy Norwood
My mom, God rest her soul - she liked nicknames. In the womb she named me Skip. There was another black guy in Piedmont, W.Va., and his name was Skip. They called him Big Skip, and I was Little Skip. - Henry Louis Gates
I feel like a good mom. I'm a strong woman now... Don't look down on me. Pray for me because I'm trying. - Fantasia Barrino
And the greatest lesson that mom ever taught me though was this one. She told me there would be times in your life when you have to choose between being loved and being respected. Now she said to always pick being respected. - Chris Christie
Being a mom has made me so tired. And so happy. - Tina Fey
My father wasn't really involved and my mom is the light in my life. - Marion Jones
The real estate agent had to go door-to-door in the apartment building we wanted to rent, asking if it was OK for this interracial family - my mom is white and I was a 1-year-old half-African kid - to live in the apartment building. - Tom Morello
My dad never blew anything up, but he probably had friends who did. He and my mom have always preached that the pen is mightier than a Molotov cocktail. - Joseph Gordon-Levitt
I grabbed my mom and I went to the couch and I said, 'Mom I want to ask Jesus to come into my heart.' And I got on my knee and I asked Jesus to come into my heart, forgive me of my sins, and make me a child of God. - Tim Tebow
My mom used to make everything. She had a great garden and composted and made everything from scratch - peanut butter, bread, jelly, everything. I don't know how she did it because all those things take time and love and labour. I only do half the stuff she does - but there's still time. - Julia Roberts
I'm a mom, so I have to be comfortable. Jeans are a staple - I have way too many in my closet! It's warm in Florida, so I wear jeans and a tank top every day. I love my True Religions, my Rich and Skinny, and Citizens of Humanity. But I also love getting dressed up! - Candace Cameron Bure
Mom spent the time that she was supposed to be a kid actully raising children, her younger brother and younger sister. She was tough as nails and did not suffer fools at all. And the truth was she could not afford to. She spoke the truth, bluntly, directly, and without much varnish. I am her son. - Chris Christie
I didn't understand that I could sing until I was like 11 or 12. My mom heard me singing around the house and she said, What are you doing? You really can sing! So then I started going to school and singing to the girls. - Chris Brown
My mom being a psychotherapist, I've been brought up with that whole psychoanalytical terrain. - Helena Bonham Carter
I think the real heroic teachers are the ones who work with kids, like my mom and my sister do. - David Duchovny
I probably have an earlier curfew than anyone. My mom wants to keep me really safe and my dad's not overly protective, but he's a dad no matter what. - Miley Cyrus
People always accuse me of being motivational in a way, like it was a bad thing, but that's just how I was raised. My mom raised me in a positive environment, with lots of love in my heart, and that reflects in my music. - Lenny Kravitz
My mom used to say that I became a fighter and a scrapper and a tough guy to protect who I am at my core. - Vin Diesel
My mom knows when something is real and something is not. - Christina Ricci
I've never had a very closely connected family. My parents split up when I was young and I was living with my mom for a little while, then I was kind of just on my own really young. It wasn't some kind of global tragedy, it was just never really a very close-knit family. So there was support in the sense that they didn't stand in my way. - Ani DiFranco
I just go about my life. I'm a mom, I drive an SUV, I go to the grocery store every day. I'm definitely not a celebrity. I always say that I'm a celebrity-adjacent. - Diablo Cody
Fact: The new '90210' is cooler than the old '90210.' It's the lithe, streamlined Skipper to the elder series' venerable Barbie. Gone are the traditional parents - they've been replaced by a hipster mom n' pop who get busted necking in the car. - Diablo Cody
I make a lot of mistakes, too, and I'm constantly re-evaluating how I'm doing things and trying to be better every day, whether it's as a mom or taking care of myself. - Mia Hamm
Most children - I know I did when I was a kid - fantasize another set of parents. Or fantasize no parents. They don't tell their real parents about that - you don't want to tell Mom and Dad. Kids lead a very private life. And I was a typical child, I think. I was a liar. - Maurice Sendak
Most children - I know I did when I was a kid - fantasize another set of parents. Or fantasize no parents. They don't tell their real parents about that - you don't want to tell Mom and Dad. - Maurice Sendak
My mom and I were super tight. I think she really wanted me to be an artist, you know? She used to like to tell people she wanted to be Beethoven's mother. That was her thing. She wanted to be the mother of this person. - Harry Connick, Jr.
My dad and mom believed that you do what you have to do in private and don't make a big deal out of it. Just try to help people as much as you can. - Harry Connick, Jr.
My relationship with my mom is really the single most profound relationship that I've ever had in my life. - Mindy Kaling
My parents are wonderful, and I'm really lucky - but my mom has always been almost exclusively a right-brained person. She goes completely on her feelings of things, on her intuition, and so she instilled that in my brothers and I. - Brandon Boyd
My dad is a Deadhead, my mom's a Jewish-American princess from Jersey. - Adam Lambert
Never play cards with a man called Doc. Never eat at a place called Mom's. Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own. - Nelson Algren
My Mom said she learned how to swim when someone took her out in the lake and threw her off the boat. I said, 'Mom, they weren't trying to teach you how to swim.' - Paula Poundstone
My mom was a waitress, and my dad was a plumber who worked for the City of San Clemente fixing mains breaks, so not too glamorous. - Shaun White
I like to work. The self-esteem and satisfaction that I get from working makes me a better person, which makes me a better mom. I feel lucky because I have the luxury of working only one or two days a week. - Cindy Crawford
I don't drink, and I don't smoke. It's a personal preference. My mom has never drunk or smoked. I look up to my mom. - Ashley Tisdale
I pretty much borrow my entire beauty regime from my mom. - Rashida Jones
I know my mom said as early as she can remember letting me watch TV, my one treat a week when I was like 6 was to stay up and watch 'Saturday Night Live.' - Rashida Jones
I want to be as healthy as I can because I'm a mom now. - Jessica Simpson
I have so much respect for my mom and all the women across the world. - Jessica Simpson
I guess now that I think back, I used to play priest and be a funny priest. I don't know, I grew up in such a Catholic family that I kind of liked to test the boundaries a little bit and I think I had fun watching my mom laugh. - Jenny McCarthy
When I was a little girl, rocking my little dolls, I remember thinking I would be the world's best mom, and so far I've done it. - Jenny McCarthy
When I was in nursery school, the teachers asked me, y'know, 'What does your dad do for a living?' So I said 'He helps women get pregnant!' They called my mom and they were like, 'What exactly does your husband do?' - Natalie Portman
Like a lot of you, I grew up in a family on the ragged edges of the middle class. My daddy sold carpeting and ended up as a maintenance man. After he had a heart attack, my mom worked the phones at Sears so we could hang on to our house. - Elizabeth Warren
I could do without 'cool' publications calling me 'mom jazz.' But I laughed all the way to the bank, baby. - Norah Jones
My mom just didn't put a very high premium on me being like really famous or really wealthy or anything. - Martha Plimpton
It's not common for a woman on television, especially if she's the mom of the family, to be funny. She's usually a straight man or foil. - Martha Plimpton
My mom and I used to listen to records, read, and take train rides across the country in the summer. It was a very chill life. She didn't expose me to anything that was ahead of my development, but she expected me to adjust to her world - she did not expect to adjust to mine. - Martha Plimpton
Isn't it so weird the day you wake up and you're just going with the flow? And you just suddenly are a mom. - Katherine Heigl
I'm a sappy mom now. I didn't think I would be. I thought I'd be a cool mom who keeps everything in perspective. - Katherine Heigl
I was always a drama queen. I remember playing in the kitchen, trying to get my mom to think I was dead and call the police. When she didn't, I would cry. I was always theatrical. I don't think any of my relatives are surprised. - Amy Lee
My mom knows pretty well how I see her. - Lena Dunham
I'm ridiculous in my oversharing my mom and sister are very open but a little more judicious than me... and my father is a decidedly private person. - Lena Dunham
God blessed me with two unbelievable parents, and I am just like both of them. I have the smile and charisma of my mother and the big heart of my mom, because she wants to save the world and help the world, so I am just like her. - Magic Johnson
My mom was always saying: 'Be whatever you want to be, but stick with it. Don't waver. Don't change who you are for anybody.' - Miranda Lambert
My mom always says I cut my teeth on the church pew. - Miranda Lambert
My mom said the only reason men are alive is for lawn care and vehicle maintenance. - Tim Allen
Well, my mom is single and we've both been single at the same time over the last ten years, so I really related to the bond between my character and Diane's. - Amanda Peet
I always knew I wanted kids, but when my mom passed away I was like, 'I want a bunch of kids. I want three kids or four kids, and I want to have that relationship again.' I can't bring my mom back, but I can have children. - Mindy Kaling
Not to be weird, but I still have an ongoing relationship with my mom, even though she passed away, and I've been surprised at how much I've been able to convey to her. Now I sound like a total weirdo, but that's true. - Mindy Kaling
My mom loved rock 'n roll. My father hated it. We couldn't play it when he was around. - Patti Smith
I made some truly awful movies. 'Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot' was the worst. If you ever want someone to confess to murder just make him or her sit through that film. They will confess to anything after 15 minutes. - Sylvester Stallone
I used to say, 'Man, I think I'd be a really good dad. I'll be a great provider. I'm funny I'll go on trips with them - I'll do all sorts of stuff.' But the momming? I'm not made for that. I have a really good mom I know what she put into it. - Elizabeth Gilbert
Washington has got to, across the board, lower taxes for small businesses so that our mom and pops can reinvest and hire people, so that our businesses can thrive. - Sarah Palin
I'm really happy to be a mom, and I'm proud of the phase I'm in. - Liz Phair
Mom ran the house, so we grew up Portuguese. - Emeril Lagasse
My food is Louisiana, New Orleans-based, well-seasoned, rustic. I think it's pretty unique because of my background being influenced by my mom, Portuguese and French Canadian. There's a lot going on there. - Emeril Lagasse
My family, you know, are all still, you know, very close. We're all still very close. Mom and Daddy are still alive. So, what more can you ask for? Your kids are healthy. - Reba McEntire
I know how to do anything, I'm a mom. - Roseanne Barr
Being a singer is all about me. About ego. Being a mom is all about being selfless - two different worlds. - Gwen Stefani
My mom used to say that Greek Easter was later because then you get stuff cheaper. - Amy Sedaris
As far as I'm concerned, there's no job more important on the planet than being a mom. - Mark Wahlberg
I didn't come from a trailer park. I grew up middle class and my dad had money and my mom made my lunch. I got a car when I was sixteen. I'm proud of that. - Kid Rock
I did find some time to go to a record store and check out 'Headstrong' actually in the racks. It was pretty cool I never thought I'd see my own CD sitting there with everyone else's. I made my Mom take lots of pics! - Ashley Tisdale
Once in high school, I completely over plucked my left eyebrow all the way up to where you're not supposed to. I had no idea what I was doing and it looked terrible! My mom was like 'What did you do to yourself?' I was so embarrassed. - Ashley Tisdale
The 'believe' tattoo is because my mom always told me to believe. - Ashley Tisdale
My mom is very confident and she was always a role model of mine. - Ashley Tisdale
My mom put me and my sisters in the water to feel comfortable, to have water safety. - Michael Phelps
Even in high school, I'd tell my mom I was sick of swimming and wanted to try to play golf. She wasn't too happy. She'd say, 'Think about this.' And I'd always end up getting back in the pool. - Michael Phelps
My humanitarian work evolved from being with my family. My mom, my dad, they really set a great example for giving back. My mom was a nurse, my dad was a school teacher. But my mom did a lot of things for geriatrics and elderly people. She would do home visits for free. - Cat Cora
Growing up, my ideals were Barbra Streisand, Cher, and my mom. - Kevyn Aucoin
My mom insisted on multigrain bread and never allowed soda in the house. - Vin Diesel
I was always at peace because of the way my mom treated me. - Martina Hingis
Come Christmas Eve, we usually go to my mom and dad's. Everybody brings one gift and then we play that game when we all steal it from each other. Some are really cool, others are useful and some are a bit out there. - Amy Grant
Depending on what day of the week it is and what time of the month it is, I'm a good friend or not a good friend. I'm more or less a good mom or not a good mom, more or less a good mate or not a good mate. That's just life, whether or not you're public. - Amy Grant
My mom's discipline worked out perfectly. I wouldn't change a thing. - will.i.am
My mom's never been married. I've never even seen my mom kiss a dude. - will.i.am
If you would ask my mom what books I liked growing up, I liked Dr. Seuss. - will.i.am
I was born and raised in East Los Angeles by a single mom who had three biological kids and adopted four more. I never met my dad. - will.i.am
When I got into junior high school, that's when my mom let me dress how I wanted to dress. Up to that point I wore suits to school all the time. - will.i.am
I remember when I was 11, I told my mom, 'One day I'm going to buy you a house.' And she said, 'Boy, don't you be making promises you can't keep.' I was like: 'No, Ma, it's not a promise. I'm going to buy you a house one day.' - will.i.am
These days it's cool to be ethnic and to be different, but when I was a kid, it was not cool - at all. My friends would come over and my mom would make crepes with eggs, stuffed with mozzarella cheese, tomatoes and spinach. And they'd be like, 'What is this?' - Giada De Laurentiis
Every time I think I have something under control, it changes and I don't have it under control. I think it takes several years to get there. Jade is 19 months old, so right now I'm on alert all the time. And as a mom I think you're constantly worrying about things. - Giada De Laurentiis
Mom and Pop were just a couple of kids when they got married. He was eighteen, she was sixteen and I was three. - Billie Holiday
I must admit, even though I'm the product of two Jewish parents, I think the Irish temper got in there somewhere, so I'm going to check Mom's genealogy. - Harvey Weinstein
I didn't know my Dad - he moved out early. And my mom's politics were kind of hardscrabble. She didn't think about Democrats or Republicans. She thought about who made sense. I've been both in my life. - Dennis Miller
With my new venture, Club Mom, we want to empower moms to feel their value and also build their collective power to make their lives better and easier. We want to bring them together as a community to share experiences and information. - Andrew Shue
Because sorry to say, women run the house. They run the family. They hold things up. I mean, it's like you don't ever see your mom get sick because she handles everything. And it's kind of amazing I think to show people just how strong women are. - Sophia Bush
I'm lucky that my real-life Mom has both a great sense of humor about herself and an amazing ability to slip into complete denial if the subject matter gets a little too close to home. - Cathy Guisewite
I'm more straightforward, and I speak up more than I did before. When I was younger, I wouldn't speak up as much, but now that I'm a mom, things have changed. - Britney Spears
My mom is going to kill me for talking about sleeping with people. But I don't want to put myself in the position where I'm in a monogamous relationship right now. I'm not dating just one person. 'Sex and the City' changed everything for me because those girls would sleep with so many people. - Lindsay Lohan
President Obama's fight for rural America is personal. He was raised by a single mom and grandparents from Kansas. He hails from a farming state, Illinois. - Tom Vilsack
I don't have anything against my mom, but my family has no emotional connection to each other. - Adam Carolla
My mom was on welfare and the occasional food stamp, but I have never participated in any of those governmental programs, even the ones that kind of work like education, scholarships and whatever, and I managed to do just fine. - Adam Carolla
I love being a single mom. But it's definitely different when you're dating. - Brooke Burns
Yes, I always remember my dad's, mom's and my grandma's perfumes. - Marc Jacobs
Financial hardships were rough on us, even though Mom had a good job at G.M. - Ryan White
It was always a fantasy of mine growing up - my favorite program was always 'Little House on the Prairie' - so I always wanted to wear those looks. When I was a child, I wouldn't let my mom put me in anything but calico dresses and now... whaddaya know, every day I'm in a calico dress, basically, so it's kind of funny. - Chloe Sevigny
You do need parental guidance and I was in a great position with both my mum and dad. They split when I was a baby but even though I stayed with my mom they were both very much involved in my upbringing. - Leonardo DiCaprio
My mom always says, 'If you don't believe in something, you'll lose yourself completely.' - Hilary Duff
I was thinking that when I have children, that I should always dress as a character for them, so they think their mom is Alice in Wonderland or Cinderella. - Gwen Stefani
It's superfun being a mom, but it's hard too. - Gwen Stefani
Being a mom is hard, I think a lot of working moms feel that way. - Gwen Stefani
My mom always said I was the peacemaker in the family. My older brother, Eric, was the leader, the creative one. I was just his puppet. - Gwen Stefani
I was thinking that when I have children, that I should always dress as a character for them, so they think their mom is Alice in Wonderland or Cinderella. It would be totally messed up! - Gwen Stefani
My mom and dad met at Anaheim High School. After they got married, all they wanted to do was have four children, and they did. - Gwen Stefani
I wish I had an extra day with my mom sometimes. Or another hour in the day with my family, husband and children. - Mary J. Blige
The golden child may be the oldest one, unless it's the youngest. It may be the toughest one, unless it's the most sensitive. It's not even necessary that Mom and Dad have the same favorite - and typically they don't. - Jeffrey Kluger
In Hollywood, you play a mom, and the next thing you know, you're on 'The Golden Girls.' They age you so fast. - Gabrielle Union
In Hollywood, you play a mom and instantly, you've got osteoporosis. - Gabrielle Union
My mom is painfully sweet she's from Nebraska. - Gabrielle Union
My mom was a diabetic. Her sister was a diabetic, so I was already a candidate. - Angie Stone
When my dad divorced my mom it was kind of like him leaving me also. - Nicole Richie
After my mom died, there was so much written about her fashion and her style and all that, and I felt that one of the most important parts of her was missing, her real intellectual curiosity. - Caroline Kennedy
No matter how good you are, at some point your kids are gonna have to create their own independence and think that Mom and Dad aren't cool, just to establish themselves. That's what adolescence is about. They're gonna go through that no matter what. - Eddie Vedder
I was always okay with the fact that I was taller and bigger than everybody else growing up. My mom, my dad, and my friends always told me I was beautiful. - Jordin Sparks
When I turned 18, my mom, my nana and I all went and had tattoos of our favorite Bible verses put on the inside of our wrists. Mine is 1st Timothy, 4:12. - Jordin Sparks
When I was 7, I came up with the idea of 'charm socks.' My mom would take me to buy bags of plastic charms, we would sew them on frilly white socks, and I sold them at school. - Sara Blakely
My Mom always cooked healthy. Greek food lends itself to cooking healthy. - Cat Cora
From the moment this baby came into our home, those two dogs have never been more in love. It's the most beautiful thing I've ever witnessed. People keep saying, 'Oh, you're a single mom.' I'm like, 'Actually, I'm not. I've got two boys helping.' - Charlize Theron
So far I'm not surprised by anything about being a mom. It's all pretty great - but that's what I expected. - Charlize Theron
I was worried about my mom more than I was worried about the president. And then I was worried about the president, and then I was worried about myself. - Monica Lewinsky
Aretha Franklin was a teenage mom, a musician who came from an incredibly Christian background, but there was a lot of love, which is really inspiring in a feminist way. - Beth Ditto
When I moved out of my mom's house at 18 I was almost as sad to leave her sewing machine behind as anything else. - Beth Ditto
I was given baby doll toys myself, and they proved a stark reminder that my life was expected to revolve around childbearing - just as my mom's had before me, and her mom's had before her. - Beth Ditto
We all seek approval, and our mother's seal is usually the most important. The nitty gritty is that we have to accept ourselves, even if it is just to be ready for the next cut-down. Mom's blessing or not. - Beth Ditto
I was brought up by a single mom in a poor town in Arkansas and while some aspects of small-town life were really positive - like the fact that everyone there is really sweet and hospitable - there is also this close-minded mentality, and that naturally made me want to rebel. - Beth Ditto
My mother told me Homer Ditto was not my father. Nope. Mom had had a fling with some other guy who was my dad. Some dude who didn't stick around too long who Mom was happy to get rid of. She chose Homer, and Homer chose me, so he lent me his name even though I didn't have his blood. - Beth Ditto
If my Dad doesn't like you, you will know. My Mom is just too innocent to ever lie. She doesn't even cuss. - Channing Tatum
I have a chaperone everywhere I go - my mom. - Shawn Johnson
Something my mom taught me when I was little is that everything happens for a reason. - Shawn Johnson
There is nothing I love more than my role as a mom. - Jennifer Hudson
I look up to my mom. She's a beautiful woman. - Leighton Meester
My mom, she wasn't like a baseball mother who knew everything about the game. She just wanted me to be happy with what I was doing. - David Ortiz
I feel like I've lived quite a sheltered life, like my mom and dad were quite protective of me. - Leona Lewis
I bought a house for my mom, I bought a house for my dad, I bought a house for my sister. - Trey Parker
There is nothing worse that a thirteen-year-old boy. You're embarrassed by your parents, and you're trying to find your independance because, deep inside, you are so dependent on your mom. - Ben Affleck
A friend of my mom's was a casting director so, really as kind of a lark, I had a couple of acting jobs that had just enough exposure to give me the option to continue if I wanted to. I followed through with it. - Ben Affleck
I'm a religious person. I remember my mom told me: 'Vengeance belongs to God. It's up to him to wreak vengeance.' It's hard for me to get to that point, but that's the work of God. - Rodney King
Sunscreen is my number 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 tip. I'm a fanatic, partially because I live in L.A. and have fair skin and freckles, and partially because of my kids. My mom always made me wear sunscreen and I'm trying to be that mom for them. - Alison Sweeney
I've actually suffered from allergies my entire life. My mom had allergies, so I was aware of what an issue they can be. Many people allow their allergies to affect their lives. As a mom with two kids and two jobs, I just can't let allergies slow me down. It's a day to day thing that can really be remedied by finding the right medication. - Alison Sweeney
My mom was paranoid about my safety. - Jane Smiley
Mom was a smoker. My grandfather was a smoker. My aunts were smokers. My uncles were smokers. I don't know any smokers now, not even my mom. - Jane Smiley
My mom drives me crazy sometimes, but I have a good relationship with her. - Seth Rogen
My mom enlisted in the U.S. Navy in World War II, and my parents actually bought our home thanks to the loan she got through the GI Bill. - Thomas Friedman
My dad is like a cactus - introverted and tough. I'm a people person, like my mom, but I got my competitiveness from my dad. He came to this country from Belarus with nothing and built a real business. He's my hero for giving me that need to run a business and for having enormous confidence in me. - Gary Vaynerchuk
People who build family businesses are not classically trained. They have to deal with an enormous amount of politics. You think corporate politics are tough? Go work for your dad or your mom. - Gary Vaynerchuk
It's about getting the kids up and fed, getting one to school, getting the other down for a nap, going to the grocery store, picking one up from school, getting the other one down for another nap, cooking dinner... I live my life at these two extremes. I'm either a full-time stay-at-home mom or a full-time actress. - Jennifer Garner
I remember, my mom didn't have any help, so if she needed to be somewhere after school, we'd just go down to the neighbors' and she'd give us a snack and make sure we did our homework. There weren't any latchkey kids. - Jennifer Garner
My mom has always said that the one thing she wishes she had done differently is have a job. She felt like the single-mindedness made her a little nuts sometimes, and she could have used an outlet for herself when we were little. - Jennifer Garner
My mom grew up in poverty in Oklahoma - like Dust Bowl, nine people in one room kind of place - and the way she got out of poverty was through education. My dad grew up without a dad, with very little and he also made his way out through education. - Jennifer Garner
My mom was really vigorous about making sure that we saw things and that we questioned things. Education was so important to both of my parents. - Jennifer Garner
I've always wanted to be a mom at 23, 24ish, ever since I was a little girl. I'm right on schedule. - Brandy Norwood
It's her first grandchild, so she's really, really, really excited. I guess my mom is a little more stressed out than me. - Brandy Norwood
Mom would kill me if I showed my navel. - Brandy Norwood
My hat was pulled down and this girl said 'Are you really him?' I whispered 'Yeah, I'm really him.' She screamed, 'Mom! Dad! It's Heath Ledger! - Josh Hartnett
In all honesty, at that time, I never saw myself as an author... I was just a Mom in a state of panic, trying to enter a short story contest to win the prize money in order to keep the lights on in my home. - Leslie Banks
When I was a kid I didn't feel like I fit in because - this is really silly and I probably shouldn't say it, but, I didn't think anything was funny. So I used to go home and literally cry to my mom and my step-dad at the time and I didn't think anything was funny. I couldn't laugh. - Courteney Cox
I really want to adopt a child... I want to be called 'Mom.' It really is the most beautiful word in the English language. - Patti Stanger
I wanted to be a 150% entrepreneur and a 150% mom, and I found that I was having a very hard time doing both. I was about 75% and 75% - still better than 100%, but not what I was accustomed to at work. - Barbara Corcoran
Every single thing I learned about marketing and building my business, I learned from my mom, and she had never been in the workforce. She just had great practical sense. - Barbara Corcoran
My guess is my brother would call his mom and his dad pretty regularly, a lot more than I probably did. - Jeb Bush
When I was 15, I worked at a dry cleaner because I wanted Abercrombie & Fitch jeans. My mom told me I could have $20 jeans, not $70 jeans, unless I was willing to work for them. So I did! - Ashley Greene
Growing up my whole life, my mom was telling me how incredible and special I was and that I was going to change the world. I think it's important for girls to know that they can change the world, that they do have an impact. - Ashley Greene
I remember getting this scrapbook that this girl made, that I actually gave to my mom to hold onto because she has a 'Twilight' shrine in their house in Florida. It was just this scrapbook of me, starting with 'Twilight,' and the whole progression of me and my career throughout that, and other stuff that I had done in between. - Ashley Greene
My mom lived by herself with two kids. Sacrifice was the name of the game at our house. - Victor Cruz
My mom and dad just loved the fact that I fooled around. They just embraced it. They'd always kind of enjoy it, and they liked it when I made them laugh. - Dominic Monaghan
Imagine my surprise when, after a lifetime of teaching me to keep personal things to myself, Mom insisted my drawings were the start of a comic strip for millions of people to enjoy. - Cathy Guisewite
Mothers send strips to daughters to make a point. Daughters smack strips down on the breakfast table to make a point. My own mom sometimes cuts a strip out and sends it to me to make sure I understand her. - Cathy Guisewite
The relationship between Cathy and Mom in the strip is the one relationship drawn from real life that I have proudly never even tried to disguise. - Cathy Guisewite
My mom, she is the most unbelievable mom that you could ever have in your entire life and she's always with me on everything. The most I've ever been away from her is two days. I love her more than anybody could ever know. - Dakota Fanning
I want to be a loving mom. - Tori Spelling
I want to be a mom who listens. - Tori Spelling
I am proud of my kids, but I also want to make my mom proud of me. I'm still a momma's girl at the heart of the situation. - Tori Spelling
Sometimes I do envision just being a stay at home mom but not working isn't an option for me currently. - Tori Spelling
There are days when I struggle with wanting to be a full-time, stay-at-home mom, and feeling guilty about that because I work. - Tori Spelling
I got my first tattoo when I was 16 years old and I went with my mom to get it done - she has a bunch too so we're tattoo buddies now. - Josh Hutcherson
I think because I became a mom later in life, everything in life means more. - Mariska Hargitay
My mom was sarcastic about men. She would tell me Adam was the rough draft and Eve was the final product. She was a feminist minister, an earth mom who wore a bra only on Sundays. - Daphne Zuniga
I'm a soccer mom. I'm T-ball, soccer, karate, homework, keeping them on their schedules. I love being the snack mom, when I get to bring the cut oranges. I have one of those coolers with wheels. I'm at every game, every practice, sitting on my blanket. I love it. - Pamela Anderson
Many of my books come from what if questions that I can't answer, things that I'm worried about as either a woman, a wife, a mom, an American. - Jodi Picoult
My dad sold encyclopedias and my mom worked in a factory office. - Mike Myers
My mom was a single mom, and she had enough on her plate. I knew when I was doing something I wasn't supposed to, and I tried to keep her from finding out about it. I did a pretty good job of that. - Jason Aldean
I'm a better mother if I'm also doing my work. Some women find a lot more satisfaction from doing the hardest job, which is being a mom. But I like my day job, so I juggle a lot. - Katey Sagal
My mom was a teacher - I have the greatest respect for the profession - we need great teachers - not poor or mediocre ones. - Condoleezza Rice
Being a mom makes me feel whole and like I understand the meaning of life. - Rebecca Romijn
There is nothing better than being a parent. It is the most challenging job one could ever ask for. I love being a mom and I love being a friend to my children as well. - Marlee Matlin
My friends and I would get up early and take our horses through the national forest. My mom was very free. It was always 'Out of the house!' There was no watching television on weekends. - Anna Torv
I grew up with just my mom. She and I were like best friends. She's a very independent woman and I admire that about her. In my life, I've tried to be like that. To be okay with being on my own and being independent. - Emma Roberts
You don't realize how hard it is to live on your own. But there's no mom to do your laundry, and make you dinner and to do things for you, and you don't think about little things like buying paper towels and salt. - Emma Roberts
I work too much to be an appropriate parent. I feel like a bad mom to my dog some days because I'm just not here enough. I just feel like I would do a bad job if I took the time to literally give birth to a kid right now and try and juggle everything I'm doing. - Rachael Ray
I live in, literally, the same home when I was swiping my first bank card and wondering if I'd have to put back the Charmin. We still don't have a dishwasher. My mom has done all these gardens so now my house looks like the garden shack in the middle of Versailles. - Rachael Ray
My mom, who's been in the restaurant business for 40 years, is the number-one influence in my life. But I look up to a lot of people in the industry. Tops on my list is Mario Batali. My mom and Mario taught me the same lesson: Food is love. - Rachael Ray
Good food and a warm kitchen are what makes a house a home. I always tried to make my home like my mother's, because Mom was magnificent at stretching a buck when it came to decorating and food. Like a true Italian, she valued beautification in every area of her life, and I try to do the same. - Rachael Ray
I came from a broken home, so my mom was a major influence in my life. - Julius Erving
I lived with my mom in a really small apartment. My bedroom was like in the living room. That's why I still love to sleep on couches now. - Alicia Keys
My mom is definitely my rock. - Alicia Keys
My mom always said, 'Don't date a guy who thinks he's prettier than you.' - Alicia Keys
My mom was an actress in the local Seattle theater doing experimental plays. - Rainn Wilson
Everything I am is because of my mom. - Sarah Michelle Gellar
In a school where everyone is famous or rich or whatever, you have a culture, 'What does your dad do?' 'What does your mom do?' - Cynthia Nixon
We've all seen the mom who devotes all her time and attention to her child and is so hungry for adult interaction that as soon as she's around another adult, she's not paying attention anymore. - Cynthia Nixon
My nickname for my mom was 'The Compass.' - Dane Cook
Well, you know, I was raised by a 1970s feminist. My mom had a consciousness-raising group. I used to sit at the top of the stairs and listen to them. - Ayelet Waldman
Grades were important in our house. I was reading by two. My mom would sit there and read with me, read with me, read with me. It was wonderful. - Fergie
When I was growing up, my mother was always a friend to my siblings and me (in addition to being all the other things a mom is), and I was always grateful for that because I knew she was someone I could talk to and joke with, and argue with and that nothing would ever harm that friendship. - Marlo Thomas
Dinner 'conversation' at the Cohens' meant my sister, mom, and I relaying in brutal detail the day's events in a state of amplified hysteria, while my father listened to his own smooth jazz station in his head. - Andy Cohen
If you go from a structure where you have the support and that partner and that construction of a family and that's broken apart, I think that's probably a lot harder than always being a single mom and having the father being a support in another area. - Bridget Moynahan
Ever since I was a little kid, I've felt comfortable in a suit. It all started when my mom bought me a three-piece Pierre Cardin suit. I wore that thing everywhere. Eventually I realized I was going to be the kid who got beat up in school, but I kept wearing it. - Paul Feig
I was blessed, because I come from a family where they knock you down before you float away. I have a lot of brothers who just make sure we have our feet on the ground, and my mom is a rock star. She is an amazing mother. - Kellan Lutz
I spend my afternoons painting and working on my Open Hearts jewelry line for Kay Jewelers. I designed an image of a heart that isn't completely closed. My mom always told me to live with an open heart - when life gets tough, you should go out and help someone else. - Jane Seymour
What does good in bed mean to me? When I'm sick and I stay home from school propped up with lots of pillows watching TV and my mom brings me soup - that's good in bed. - Brooke Shields
My mom passed away a day before high school started, and her dream was for me to be a full rock and roll guy, and play drums in a band. - Travis Barker
My mom listened to the Beatles and Elvis, a lot of different types of music. - Travis Barker
My mom died when I was 16. I had a rough childhood, you know what I mean, but it made me strong. - Travis Barker
My mom was scared of the old Times Square so I was never allowed to go. Now I'm scared of the new Times Square, so I still never go. - Padma Lakshmi
I'm an immigrant kid who came to America from India when I was very young and grew up in New York City with a single mom and really was influenced by all of those immigrant cultures bumping up against each other. - Padma Lakshmi
I never Tweet about my daughter. Never. I just want to be respectful of her privacy. My job as a mom is to know when to open my mouth and when not to. - Padma Lakshmi
I think I'm a really hands-on mom. - Brooke Burke
When I was a new mom, I used to think that life was going to be balanced, and I strived for that. But life is crazy! - Brooke Burke
My mom was a ventriloquist and she always was throwing her voice. For ten years I thought the dog was telling me to kill my father. - Wendy Liebman
Wigs have always been a part of my life and have become a staple accessory in my closet. I can remember being a little girl and hearing all the commotion in my house from my mom, aunts and grandmother when picking out their wigs for the day. It was such a good time for them and part of their everyday beauty routine. - Sherri Shepherd
My mom passed away at 41 from diabetes. And I'm 42, thank you. I didn't want to do that to my son. So any time I was at the gym, that thing that helped me do that last squat was my son calling some other woman mommy. And that would just give me that extra oomph to do that last squat. I want to be around for him. - Sherri Shepherd
I don't spend a lot of time online. My mother's really good at picking out if she sees a really great review, and she'll forward it to me. She's like my little Internet filter. It's always nice to see something going up if I want to find something on Nathan Fillion, I do know where to look, but I've got a nice little delivery system in my mom. - Nathan Fillion
I listened to the radio, so I was influenced by everyone from Michael Jackson to Milli Vanilli. But thankfully my dad had a collection of Cat Stevens albums while my mom was listening to jazz. - Jason Mraz
I like to write and draw and paint, and my mom's an artist, so I think I get caught up in thinking, 'I'm afraid it's gonna be bad,' and it's hard for me to start sometimes. - Kristen Wiig
We never had a bathtub. Mom would bathe me in the wooden or tin washtub in the kitchen, or in a big lard can. - Ethel Waters
Mom was the greatest influence of my childhood. She wanted to save me from the vice, lust, and drinking that was all about me. - Ethel Waters
Mom never quit on me. My only regret is that she didn't live long enough to share some of the money and comforts my work in show business has brought me. - Ethel Waters
In her whole life Mom never earned more than five or six dollars a week. Being without a husband, it was hard for her to find any place at all for us to live. - Ethel Waters
That's the hardest thing about being a mom. You want to be cool, and you want them to like you all the time, but you can't always have that. You're gonna have times where you have to say no, and you won't be the most popular person in the house. - Martina McBride
My mom used to have a lot of European cinema playing in the house, so I'd catch bits and pieces of films. - Mia Wasikowska
Being a mom's so empowering and incredible. I'm one of those people who believes that life brings things to you at a certain time for a certain reason, and if you just go with it, that's where the best moments come from. - Ashlee Simpson
I think my mom put it best. She said, 'Little girls soften their daddy's hearts.' - Paul Walker
I love my mom and dad. - Taylor Momsen
Postpartum depression is a very real and very serious problem for many mothers. It can happen to a first time mom or a veteran mother. It can occur a few days... or a few months after childbirth. - Richard J. Codey
My mom didn't let me play video games growing up, so now I do. Gaming gives me a chance to just let go, blow somebody up and fight somebody from another dimension. It's all escapism. - Wayne Brady
This is the place where anybody - like an African American kid raised by a single mom - can be president. - Jennifer M. Granholm
You can be good at technology and like fashion and art. You can be good at technology and be a jock. You can be good at technology and be a mom. You can do it your way, on your terms. - Marissa Mayer
I slept with my mom until I was 16 years old. - Jennifer Hudson
If I could be a third of the woman that my mom is and have a third of the strength that she has, then I will have done good by this life. - Brittany Murphy
It's always been my mom and I against the world. - Brittany Murphy
I always wanted to be a young mom, but generations of women have worked so hard so we can have a career and wait to have children. So I say carpe diem - take advantage of that. - Brittany Murphy
Home is where my mom is. - Brittany Murphy
A company that pays attention to the family unit is a successful company. We don't isolate the family. We don't make rides that say, 'Hey mom, dad, you go sit on the bench.' - Michael Eisner
I grew up in Marcy Projects in Brooklyn, and my mom and pop had an extensive record collection, so Michael Jackson and Stevie Wonder and all of those sounds and souls of Motown filled the house. - Jay-Z
He was doing - Ray was designing the clothes for my mom's show from California. And one of the first appearances I ever made on television was on my mother's show and Ray and Bob did the clothes for that. It has been a long time. - Liza Minnelli
Sinatra was just one of Mom's friends. - Lorna Luft
My mom is not trying to live vicariously through me. - Victoria Justice
I was almost 8 years old when I was watching a kid on a TV commercial, and I told my mom that I wanted to do the same thing. She said that I would need to get an agent and that she would research it. - Victoria Justice
I'd say that if you had a strained relationship with your mom, for whatever reason, the best thing to do is be open with each other, talk it over, try and work it out somehow as opposed to just putting a wall up and pushing them away. - Victoria Justice
My mom's a social worker, and my dad works in non-profit organisations. - Seth Rogen
For now I'm just enjoying being a mom. I don't want to be more famous and more rich. I want to be a good mom. - Jewel
My mom was truly an iconic figure, a great journalist and a pioneering woman who died at 54 of cancer without ever having revealed to viewers that she was ill. - David Frum
My mom didn't want me to go to college. She didn't want me to read - when I read, I may as well have been holding a pineapple. - Lynda Barry
My beloved Mom and Pop always rated tops with each other, and that's the way it will always be. - Ethel Merman
Mom claimed that I could carry a tune at 2 or 3 years of age. Maybe she was a little prejudiced. - Ethel Merman
Mom and Pop were proud of my popularity, but from their point of view, show business was no way to make a living. - Ethel Merman
My mom was a professional. My dad and mom met each other in a movie called 'New Faces of 1937.' My mom went under the name Thelma Leeds, and she did a few movies, and she was really a great singer, and when she married my dad and started to have a family, she sang at parties. - Albert Brooks
I had a non-existent knowledge of Queen Victoria's early years. Like everyone else, I thought of her as an old lady dressed in black. My mom had told me about her, though, that she had a very loving relationship with Albert, that they had lots of kids, and that he died young. - Emily Blunt
I'm so proud to represent the people of South Florida. I was so honored when President Obama asked me to serve as chair of the Democratic Party. But there's one job I'm even more proud of, and that's being a mom to my three kids, Rebecca, Jake and Shelby. - Debbie Wasserman Schultz
I have great faith that Heaven's there and I'll see my brothers and my mom and dad when I get there. - Ernie Harwell
My mom was amazing. She believed in me and we were best friends. - Carmen Electra
My mom was a seamstress, and I wish I'd learned to sew because I'm obsessed with 'Project Runway!' - Carmen Electra
If I have any talent at all it's from God, and my mom, who was on Capitol Records also. - Garth Brooks
My mom and dad got divorced when I was very young, and growing up in a family where the head of the household wasn't a man made a big difference. - Dave Mustaine
I want to be a fun mom. Not a gasping for air mom. - Mariska Hargitay
Every kid needs to say, 'I want what my mom and dad have.' - Josh McDowell
I could never have pictured myself writing a book when I was 25 years old. My mom was an English teacher but I wasn't that way growing up. - Tony Dungy
My mom obviously had a problem. - Dave Pelzer
It's been very hard, after being mostly a mom, to develop an adult life of my own. And not being married anymore, I have to come up with challenges. - Danielle Steel
I grew up painting and playing piano so when I was a little kid I thought I was going to be an artist or a painter but my mom had me taking piano lessons for about 10-12 years as a young kid. - Mike Shinoda
I've never had siblings, I didn't grow up in a big family it was just me and my single mom. And hectic family dysfunction was actually something that I craved. - Emmy Rossum
I grew up in a predominantly Caucasian neighborhood, but my mom is Filipino-Spanish and my dad is Irish. - Shay Mitchell
I look at my father. He is one of my heroes. He is such an incredible, classy man. He was such a great father and such a great husband in so many ways, and we lived through some pretty tough times losing my mom. When I see all that he did, I think, 'Wow, that's a really wonderful man.' - Emmanuelle Chriqui
AIDS can destroy a family if you let it, but luckily for my sister and me, Mom taught us to keep going. Don't give up, be proud of who you are, and never feel sorry for yourself. - Ryan White
My parents are wonderful, and I'm really lucky - but my mom has always been almost exclusively a right-brained person. - Brandon Boyd
Also, my mom and family are very important to me and I know that this is not expected. - Christina Milian
I shoplifted. I was about five years old, and I took a candy from a store. We paid for three of them, but I took four, and I went home and cried. My mom took me back, and I paid for the missing piece. - Carrie-Anne Moss
I had to take my makeup off at work every night. I wasn't allowed to do it at home because my mom said that when your work day is done, you're done with work. - Jodie Foster
When you think of couponing, you picture a mom cutting coupons out of the back of the newspaper. - Andrew Mason
I'm a military kid, both parents in the military - Mom did 12 years, Dad did 21, served in two wars. So discipline is something that was huge. - Robert Griffin III
It's fun to play mom. Last I knew I was playing a 17-year-old who graduated. - Selma Blair
I always say I am a realist, and my mom says, 'No, you just have anxiety.' - Jessica Chastain
I wanted to perform well for my mom and dad, because in high school, I didn't have a job. My brothers, they worked at Pizza Hut or places like that, but sports, that was my way of giving back. - Junior Seau
All of us kids ended up 'doing Mom.' There are four of us who've tried show business. Five if you insist on counting my sister the nun, who does liturgical dance. - Bill Murray
I was class mom at the preschool one year and I was pretty much asked not to do that again! - Julie Bowen
It was my mom and I against the world. We lived in New York in this bohemian lifestyle where an extended group of artists and photographers were like my aunts and uncles. - Brooke Shields
My parents divorced when I was young but I was brought up in two really loving households. I didn't have a contentious relationship with my mom or dad. - Matt Damon
Country was about character. Country's changed because of monsters like Clear Channel who bought up all the stations and sliced them up into formats. Our demographic is now the soccer mom. - Gary Allan
I have lots of records, quite a collection, actually, that I stole from my mom. I have the original 'Thriller' album and I have a really great 'Elton John's Greatest Hits,' and I also have a N.E.R.D. album. Records sound more original. They have more edge. - Elisha Cuthbert
My mom and dad worked very hard to give me the best chance in - not just in golf but in life. You know, I was an only child, you know, my dad worked three jobs at one stage. My mom worked night shifts in a factory. - Rory McIlroy
Dad and mom would have preferred that I be a doctor, a lawyer, a scientist, or a great humanitarian. - Levon Helm
I think a good mom is an awake mom. At least for me, I've always been a kinder, better person awake than sleep-deprived! - Lisa Loeb
My mom was a great cook and great baker all her life. - Mandy Patinkin
No, my mom kind of led me toward acting. She wanted to be an actress when she was younger. That made me interested in it when I was a kid, because she and I are very close. - Stephen Colbert
For many women, going back to work a few months after having a baby is overwhelming and unmanageable. As strange as it may seem, things get even more difficult for a working mom after the second and third baby arrive. By that time, the romance of being a modern 'superwoman' wears off and reality sets in. - Mika Brzezinski
One of my most sentimental items is my grandmother's engagement ring that my mom gave me a few years ago. It's a Victorian-style setting that's closed in the back, so it doesn't sparkle the way diamonds do now. I wear it as a pendant. - Georgina Chapman
Once you're a mom, always a mom. It's like riding a bike, you never forget. - Taraji P. Henson
My mom was always really healthy and cautious about her diet, so I'm not a big sugar guy. - Paul Walker
My mom's hot. I mean she's old, but my mom's out of control. - Paul Walker
We busted a lot of family secrets with this. But to make a long story short, my parents relationship was built heavily on security issues for my Mom, and when my Dad couldn't provide security, the relationship unraveled. - Kenny Loggins
My mom took me to a Dolly Parton concert when I was 3. - Kat Dennings
One time my mom tried to ground me, but that lasted 15 minutes. - Bam Margera
OK, so my parents were married in 1955 and my mom knew my dad was gay and my dad knew he was gay and so I was, like, 'Why in the heck did you get married?' Like, what was going on? What was that time? It's like this crazy paradox that my whole life is based on, or my family's based on. So I spent a lot of time trying to understand '55. - Mike Mills
My daughter's name is Neesyn Dacey but everyone calls her Dacey. Her mom chose Neesyn and I chose Dacey after she was born. The mother is a good friend of mine who I was seeing a while ago. We are no longer together. - Bode Miller
My mom played the recorder. But not having electricity, we had minimal exposure to music. As I got a little older, we had Walkmans and things that were battery-powered, but it would have been nice to be growing up in the iPod era. A tape only has six songs on a side. - Bode Miller
It's so funny looking back, but my so-called overnight success actually took 15 years. I remember when I didn't have any money, and my only car was mom's Hyundai. - Criss Angel
As a small business owner for the last 15 years, when I think of what truly changed my life, it was my faith, a strong family, my mom did a really, really good job of encouraging me in very clear and discernible ways. - Tim Scott
When you're sick, nobody takes care of you like your mom. - Trisha Yearwood
We didn't have movies in this little mining town. When I was 12 my mom took me to New York and I saw Bye Bye Birdie, with people singing and dancing, and that was it. - Margot Kidder
I gave guitar lessons. I tried to join bands. My mom always said it was obvious that nothing was going to stop me. - Janis Ian
Before you're a mom you don't know what gear is going to be relevant. - Emily Procter
My mom and my dad were married 56 years, and the fact that I reconciled with my dad I think made their marriage a little bit better as well. - Larry Elder
I was embarrassed that I even wanted to become an actress because coming from L.A., with two older sisters in the business and a mom who had been a ballet dancer, it was such a cliche. - Elizabeth Olsen
From the very start of all of this, my mom has read the scripts first. And if she liked something, she let me read it. She told our agent what kinds of parts that we would want. - Anna Chlumsky
I had no idea of the size of my bank account as a teen, and I didn't care to know. That was my mom's job, I figured that I would just find out when I turned 18. If you can't trust your mom, then who can you trust? - Anna Chlumsky
My mom, she's still always there for me. Always. - David Ortiz
When I was growing up in New Jersey, my mom would regularly take my sister and I into the city to see shows. I have many fond memories of standing in the half-price ticket line in Times Square and going to matinees. - Trey Anastasio
More and more couples are having this negotiation or discussion, but I'm still amazed at the number who aren't and where the cultural norm sort of kicks in and they just assume that mom's got to be the one who stays home, not dad. - James Levine
My mom had started to go to work when I was nine or ten, so I was aware of women trying to find their own identities by working. But I was still influenced by men to such an extreme. I wanted to play their games and wanted to compete in their world and be like them. - Elisabeth Shue
My mom had this romantic notion of her children playing classical music. The idea is you learn it when you're still learning language. It's using the same part of the brain. - Andrew Bird
I burnt myself out of skating. I was ready to focus on being a mom. - Kristi Yamaguchi
I've realized how precious life is. When I was younger, I was more adventurous. I felt invincible. I was game for everything. As a mom, I don't want to get injured because then I can't take care of my kids. - Kristi Yamaguchi
I lived in small town out in the desert and my friend used to steal his mom's car in the middle of the night. He'd drive over to my house, I'd sneak out and we'd go out to the desert and just burn things down. - Mark Hoppus
My mom's gonna be the biggest star - mark my words right now! - Vinny Guadagnino
My house has always been like everyone's house. You walk in, you're a part of the family, no matter who you are, what celebrity status you are, everyone is treated the same - with love from my mom. - Vinny Guadagnino
So, I remember when I was a kid, I was waiting for my mom to come home when she was working late, and, you know, I was like, 'Oh my God, what happened to her? Is she OK? Did something happen to her getting in the car?' I was a little kid. But those are actually early onsets of anxiety. - Vinny Guadagnino
I got a family house for everybody to live in - my mom, my sisters and I. And I made sure that it has a separate apartment downstairs for myself. Family is more important than anything. We don't come from any money. So once I get them settled in, in a nice house, then I'll branch out and see if I can get something else. - Vinny Guadagnino
My mom said, 'Don't get married. You're too young. Go out there and experience what life has to offer.' And I did. - Emmitt Smith
I'm kind of lucky that we've finished shooting 'Cougar Town,' so I'm able to kind of just enjoy my pregnancy and be a stay-at-home mom and go to prenatal Pilates and do all that fun stuff that, if I were working, would be almost impossible to do. - Busy Philipps
Birdie is amazing and such an incredible child and I'm having such a great time being a mom but I still want to have a career and I still look forward to auditions and parts, and when I don't get them I'm disappointed. - Busy Philipps
I'm somebody who doesn't work with a stylist. I'll be honest with you, I'm a mom and it's just not something I want to put money toward because it's expensive to have somebody who helps dress you and I feel like I have to pay for preschool and so many things... so I don't have a stylist. - Busy Philipps
Mom always tells me to celebrate everyone's uniqueness. I like the way that sounds. - Hilary Duff
My mom taught me not to talk about money. - Hilary Duff
I love my mom. I totally look up to her, and she just doesn't let anybody take advantage of me. People might call that a stage mom. - Hilary Duff
My relationship with my mom is so amazing. We never got to have that stage that people go through, like when you're 13 and you think you're too cool for your parents. When you're embarrassed by them and stuff. We never went through that because I was constantly working and she constantly had to be there. - Hilary Duff
My mom had me when she was 16, and I was an only child, which is probably why I received a lot of love and didn't miss that my father wasn't around. - Brett Ratner
Miami Beach - that's where I grew up, in a middle-class Jewish family led by my maternal grandfather. Me, my great-grandmother - a Holocaust survivor, who was my roommate - my grandparents, my mom and her brother all shared a four-bedroom house. - Brett Ratner
We didn't have a TV in the living room and all my friends thought we were kind of weird. When they'd come over, my mom wanted to talk to them about current events. - Eliza Dushku
My mom is this liberal, feminist, Mormon powerhouse. I just love her to death. - Eliza Dushku
I was raised in Boston by three older brothers and a very strong and empowering single mom. - Eliza Dushku
My mom is like this hard-core, liberal feminist. She's a professor in Boston, and she's been teaching women's studies for 30 years and international politics. - Eliza Dushku
As a mom, I don't have much time for beauty. - Idina Menzel
My biggest project right now is trying to be a really great mom and learning how to balance family and career. I'm just trying to spend as much time with my family as I can. - Idina Menzel
I'm a mom - I'm lucky if I get to shower in the morning. Luckily, nail polish stays on my toes. I've been so bad on the upkeep, though. - Idina Menzel
I've always wanted to be a mom. - Holly Madison
I want my daughter to be proud of me and look up to me. I think early on in my pregnancy I realized that to be the mom I want to be, I had to change my life, and that's what I'm doing. - Holly Madison
My mom and dad played this music all the time when I was growing up, so to me songs by Jerry Lee and Fats Domino are the classics, they're the best songs ever. - Chris Isaak
I was brought up as an only child, and we were very close. But when I was 14, we got evicted. We came home to a padlock, and I looked up at my mom and she was crying, and there was nothing to do. - Dwayne Johnson
I spend as much time with my kids as any mom who stays home. I only work during the hours they're at school, but there is always the sense of trying to catch up with all their stuff and not only organize my work life but also their school lives. - Patricia Heaton
My mom's the one I look up to for everything. I feel like I'm a lump of clay and she's moulding me into a woman. - Chloe Moretz
My mom has always said that if I get a big head, she'll take me out of this business as quickly as I got into it. - Chloe Moretz
I just got my phone back yesterday. My mom had it for two days. I was supposed to read a book and I really wanted to play Call Of Duty. - Chloe Moretz
My mom won't let me buy high-fashion stuff unless it's TK Maxx or a birthday occasion. - Chloe Moretz
The one thing my mom will let me get is a nice shoe sometimes. - Chloe Moretz
My mom won't let anyone treat me like a little princess. - Chloe Moretz
My brother Trevor is theatrically trained. I used to watch him when I was younger and I was in love with it. It just seemed really fun to be someone else. So I begged my mom she was hesitant, but she eventually allowed me. And it turned out well, I guess. - Chloe Moretz
My mom gives me an allowance. She keeps me pretty tight-reined. - Chloe Moretz
The problem with me is, anything that's easy I will just overdo it. Especially with clothes. But I'm 14 - my mom is super-strict about that. - Chloe Moretz
We were poor. But my mom never accepted that. She worked hard to become a residential contractor - got her master's with honors at the University of New Orleans. I used to go to every class with her. Her father was my paternal figure. - Frank Ocean
I've learned that every working mom is a superwoman. - Uma Thurman
I'm an actress and mom, and I probably don't have enough of an active spiritual life. And I don't know why people run around calling themselves by the names of religions when they don't actually practise them. - Uma Thurman
My mother was a single mom, and most of the women I know are strong. - Regina King
I think I've become more like my mom just because of what we're both interested in, children and teaching and writing. - Jenna Bush
I had always loved to write and my mom was my editor for my school papers. - Jenna Bush
My mom's a secret Rastafarian. - Jenna Bush
I'm more like my father, personality-wise. But my mom and I get alone really well - obviously, because my mom and my dad get along so well. - Jenna Bush
I'm sure there were times when I wish I had thought, 'Gosh, that might really embarrass mom and dad,' but our parents didn't raise us to think about them. They're very selfless and they wanted us to have as normal of a college life as possible. So really, we didn't think of any repercussions. - Jenna Bush
I prefer to imagine that my wife, a few friends, and occasionally my mom are the only ones who read what I do, though I realize that this is somewhat unrealistic. - Chris Ware
When I was a kid, my mom used to run the vacuum cleaner, and the noise would bother me so much that I would run into the woods to calm down. I feel like that vacuum cleaner has been on since I moved to New York City. - Steve Burns
There's been times when I've had heartbreaking moments and I'm like, 'I can't believe you said that,' or 'I can't believe you did that'. And it hurts, it still hurts, and it'll always hurt, but I've never had somebody that I truly cared about just walk out on me, whether it was a boyfriend, or an aunt, mom or dad. - Shailene Woodley
My mom would take me to restaurants, and the first thing I'd ask for would be a pen and a napkin, and I'd sketch shoes and shoes and shoes. - Alexander Wang
My mom would put me in these preppy little suits and slick my hair to the side. I have these baby pictures of me where I'm this little preppy kid with a sweater tied around my neck. - Alexander Wang
I was a hyper kid in school and the teacher suggested to my mom she needed to do something with me. - Devon Sawa
My mother kept asking me, 'When are you going to do a gospel album?' And I've always wanted to do a gospel album. Everybody was going on about it, so mom started hounding me more. - Alan Jackson
My dad is a bank president and my mom was an accountant and they didn't think that seeking the life of a freelance writer was very practical, you see. Of course, I was just as determined to do it. - Kevin J. Anderson
I know that I'm getting the real deal with my mom. I know that she's telling it like it is. She's proud of me when I've earned it and she's disappointed in me when I've earn that. She's really my spectrum on where I am as a person. - Lara Flynn Boyle
I had such a great mom and I know that I'd never be that mom. I wouldn't want to bring a child into this world unless I could be. - Lara Flynn Boyle
My mom calls me an older soul because, growing up, she taught me stuff real early. Now I spend most of my time chasing wisdom, chasing understanding. - Ray Lewis
Mom thinks I live in this dream world where everybody's Ivana Trump. - Kathie Lee Gifford
Over the years my mom has become a self-taught Biblical scholar. - Kathie Lee Gifford
My mom used to tell me: 'It's not what you weigh it's what you look like.' - Gina Carano
My mom and my father's birthday are on the same day. - Victor Cruz
My mom was dying for me to write a book, she was my biggest advocate. - Victor Cruz
Growing up, my mom was very strict about how I dressed and how I behaved, and I said to myself that I wasn't going to be like that. But now I know I'm going to be exactly like my mom. I'm going to be worse! - Nicole Scherzinger
Sure, my childhood was unusual. All these eccentric, wild people frequented our home: rock stars, drag queens, models, bikers, freaks. But I was not this little rich girl. My mom and I lived in an apartment. - Liv Tyler
My mom's been married three times my dad has been married a lot. I didn't really see my dad that much. - Skeet Ulrich
I want to make my music and be a happy woman, a good wife, a good mom and one day hopefully have a child of my own. - LeAnn Rimes
My dad is a very quick-witted, sarcastic, dry, humorous guy, whereas my mom's very silly, and that side of the family is very musical. - Tim Heidecker
Once my mom passed away, I have nobody to answer to. It's great. - Jessica Hahn
My mom really instilled in me that I'm beautiful and I can do anything, and I echo that now with my own girls. - Jennie Garth
I love kids and children, and I love being a mom. - Jennie Garth
I was actually the one who decided to move to LA. Mom and I were driving on Sunset Boulevard during one of our trips back to see her family, and I said, 'Can we just stay?' So we did. - Lily Collins
I'm a competitive person and it is in my nature to try hard in every match I play. The only time I'm not competitive is when I'm playing against my mom. - Michael Chang
One day my dad would say, 'OK, if you want to play tennis I can help you out.' And that's how it started. And I had a goal. I wanted to beat my mom first. And my parents and my brother. And that was the ultimate goal. - Caroline Wozniacki
My mom was always the support. I can always go out to her and she'll always find the positive in things. - Caroline Wozniacki
My mom is great and I make sure that we pray together before every race. She helps me put everything in perspective and remind me of the real reason I run. - Allyson Felix
No matter what, like, I couldn't - I could break a world record, get an Olympic gold medal, and my mom would be, like, you could have done better. But you looked pretty. That's what she says all the time. - Ryan Lochte
I care so passionately about improving the quality of life for women and girls, not just here in the United States, but internationally as well. I am a single mom and I raised a daughter who is now a young adult. - Valerie Jarrett
The fact that I'm very close with my past relationships is something I pride myself on. My mom is still close to her first husband. It's nice to be able to enjoy someone in a different form. - Kate Bosworth
I have to keep reminding myself that I am their mother. Sometimes we are sitting at home and I feel like we are waiting for our mom to come home. - Ruby Wax
When I was a child, I wanted to be an actor, but I had really bad buckteeth. I didn't want to get braces, but my mom said I couldn't be an actor if I didn't get the braces. So, I got the braces. - James Franco
Our last jam session was this past Christmas. Dad played his harmonica, mom sang in English and Italian, and I played guitar. I'm so happy that we could share that musical experience for one last time. - Tony Visconti
My mom cooked pot roast with noodles and frozen vegetables. Or she'd make spaghetti or hot dogs, or heat up TV dinners. Before I started modeling at age 19, I was 5'8" and weighed 165 pounds. - Carol Alt
My father still is a lawyer, and my mom was a teacher and then later a career counselor. - Steve Case
I remember that at the beginning of the month, the kind of menus my mom and father would prepare for us would have fish, chicken. But at the end of the month - because my father would be waiting for paycheck - the refrigerator would get empty. I remember that without a lot of food left, some of the best meals happened right there. - Jose Andres Puerta
Simon is cool. You know, it's different if you ever see him around his mom. He acts totally different. - Ruben Studdard
I want to make sure I continue to make good music that my mom and everybody around me can be proud of. - Ruben Studdard
I grew up in the '80s, and there was no bigger group than New Edition in R&ampB. I broke my piggy bank so me and my mom could go to a New Edition concert together. - Ruben Studdard
I'm from Tennessee. My mom lives in Nashville. I'm born and bred country. That's all I listen to. - Lucy Hale
I've never had my brows done - I tweeze them myself. I used to watch my mom pluck her brows, that's how I learned. - Emmy Rossum
My mom is a sculptress. - P. J. Harvey
My hero is Michelle Williams, who I grew close to when we did 'Meek's Cutoff.' She's an extraordinary actor and mom. - Zoe Kazan
When I look up and see a star, I know my mom is there. She's with me all the time. It's a powerful connection. - Emmanuelle Chriqui
My mom was an aesthetician and she went to beauty school back in the '60s. I just remember watching her do her makeup all the time. She always had her nails done, makeup on - her face was ready to go when she went out. I loved it. - Emmanuelle Chriqui
I grew up in a family of Republicans. And when I was 18 and registering to vote, my mom's only instruction was 'You just go in and pull the big Republican lever.' That's my welcome to adulthood. She's like, 'No, don't even read it. Just pull the Republican lever. - Tina Fey
My mom started smoking when she was 11. She went to the hill next door to try her first cigarette. She set the entire hill on fire, but it didn't deter her. - Loni Anderson
My memory of my mom is a wine glass in one hand and a cigarette in the other. She was a runway fashion model, and she was quite a glamorous woman. - Loni Anderson
I am blessed to have Mom and Dad. - Kevin Eubanks
I was labeled a troublemaker, my mom an unfit mother, and I was not welcome anywhere. - Ryan White
I think I'd be a great mom, honestly. I don't think I'll have any problem giving them all the love in the world. Discipline will be the hard part. - Queen Latifah
My mom will make me walk the dogs or take out the trash when I go home. - Queen Latifah
I am a single mom and I'm the breadwinner and I have to work and I have to do these things and that's just the way it is. I don't think my son even knows any different. - Charisma Carpenter
Our parents are obviously proud, but they're still trying to get used to the fact that we're in a band. I have a feeling my mom would actually like One Direction if I wasn't in it! - Zayn Malik
My parents are both very funny but they're also relatively soft-spoken, normal human beings while I'm just a lunatic. I don't know where this loud, ballsy, hammy ridiculousness came from. I'm just glad I followed my goals and my parents did too. It's not like we even had a plan when I dragged my mom to Los Angeles. - Emma Stone
I am excited to rise today to support National Mom and Pop Business Owners Day. This celebration honors the husband and wife business owner teams whose work helps drive the economy and fuel job growth. - Melissa Bean
I'm a nice, happily married wife and mom and I live in Connecticut. - Christine Baranski
My dad was a golden gloves boxer in the Marine Corps, then a deputy sheriff. My mom worked as an office assistant. - Susana Martinez
My mom was a model. She had me at 20, so she was a young mother. - Michael Kors
My mom and dad met at UCLA when he as a captain in the Air Force and she was in her junior year. - Tracy Austin
I've always believed fitness is an entry point to help you build that happier, healthier life. When your health is strong, you're capable of taking risks. You'll feel more confident to ask for the promotion. You'll have more energy to be a better mom. You'll feel more deserving of love. - Jillian Michaels
My dad left when I was 3 1/2, and he left my mom and I. - David Cassidy
My mom used to take me down to the Jersey Shore when I was 7, 8, 9 years old. I can remember being down in that area - Belmar, Seaside Heights, Asbury Park and all those places that I went back and revisited. - David Cassidy
Some of the best times I've spent in Colorado have been in the backcountry with my mom and siblings, and more recently, with my own kids. That is why I'm concerned to see today's kids spending more time browsing the Internet than exploring nature. - Mark Udall
I like my name. My mom named me after a song by the 1970s group Bread. So, it's meaningful, and I like the song. It's a love song - kind of - but it's kind of depressing and dark. - Aubrey Plaza
I want to go to college to study journalism. I want to speak French fluently, to travel. My mom was a journalist and it's in my blood. - Mandy Moore
My mom loved to sing - and I'll go on record and say she was the worst singer ever. I'd get up and move away from her! - Kenny Rogers
I have many valentines. My mom and my sister and my directors. I got calls from all of them. And my friends. I respect what Valentine's Day stands for because it is about love. - Michelle Trachtenberg
I'm a full-time mom right now and a part-time actress. - Valerie Bertinelli
I was a single mom that raised two bright, beautiful, and compassionate girls. - Connie Stevens
I would go visit my mom on Sundays, and my brother was working on stuff. I'd go in there and sing a little melody, then we started working with words and the next thing you know it was just born organically without really trying. - Taryn Manning
I was born in Texas and I lived there 'till I was 8. Then I moved to the Dominican Republic with my mom, lived there for two years and forgot every word of English I knew. - Michelle Rodriguez
And what is a stage dad, or a stage mom? It's someone who's protective. That's all. - Nigel Lythgoe
My dad's half-Lebanese, my mom is full Lebanese. I'm three-quarters Lebanese. Irish-Lebanese. - Tom Shadyac
Most young people haven't used their storytelling skills since they were 8 or 9 or 10 and wanted to persuade Mom and Dad to take them to the ball game. - Peter Guber
My mom used to tell me stories at night, read books to me - and I read 'em over and over and over again. And you know what I learned from that? I went back and looked at everything - Why do I like reading the same stories over and over and over again? What, was I some kind of nincompoop? No - the narrative gave me connection with my mom. - Peter Guber
Not that we didn't have close relationships with our parents - I'm very close to my mom - but parents didn't think anything of going off for a few weeks and leaving their kids. - Candice Bergen
Mom and Dad would stay in bed on Sunday morning, but the kids would have to go to church. - Lynn Johnston
Deep down, my mom had long suspected I was gay... Much of her anger and hurt came from her sense of betrayal that she was the last to be told. - Chaz Bono
What mom cares about most is that I'm happy, healthy and enjoying my life. - Chaz Bono
My daily schedule is quite hectic, but I have to put my health first in order to be the best mom and wife I can be. - Ellen Pompeo
I told my mom I would graduate. I owe that much to her and myself. - Carmelo Anthony
My mom can't defend herself to the world. She is such an amazing woman, with such an open heart. It's a real hard line, and I crossed it. I took everyone's life story and assumed it would be a great thing to put on screen. I was being selfish and I feel so horrible about it. I feel so guilty. - Nikki Reed
I've always been a writer because I've always been a student. My mom's a retired professor, so I come from a very academic background. I love writing, you know? - Kerry Washington
My mom always encouraged me, it was never weird. She'd look at 'Heavy Metal' and go 'Woo-hoo!' - Zack Snyder
You know, I loved math. My mom was a math teacher. - Joan Cusack
My mom sang in high school choir and so did my father. - Kevin Richardson
I also think a Hot Mom is someone who can connect with what's current in her kids' world. - Jami Gertz
Being a working mom is not easy. You have to be willing to screw up at every level. - Jami Gertz
As a mom, I always feel I have to protect them. I talk about them because they are the most important things in my life but they are private people. I won't use them for my own press. - Jami Gertz
It's hard either way, at home or on the bus, I think the hardest thing probably for me is going one second from being mom to right out on the stage and having to be that person too. It's hard to switch gears. - Lee Ann Womack
President Obama likes to talk about the Buffett Rule. Well, here's a Buffett Rule that all Americans should be able to support: mom and pop businesses should not pay a higher tax rate than Fortune 500 corporations like Warren Buffett's. - Rob Portman
But my mom was a pianist, and she taught piano out of her house. I was just so excited, being a little kid and having all these other kids come to my house twice a week. I thought it was a big party. - Vanessa Carlton
My mom would give me a piece to play, but I wouldn't do any theory because when it came time to do it I would sneak back upstairs and watch TV. So, I had these kind of nonchalant lessons for years, then it just started soaking in. - Vanessa Carlton
The real beauty of it - key to my life was playing key chords on a banjo. For somebody else it may be a golf club that mom and dad put in their hands or a baseball or ballet lessons. Real gift to give to me and put it in writing. - Vince Gill
I've changed my life in a lot of ways. I'm a mom, a wife, and a Christian. Some of the things I expressed in my early 20s aren't what I care to express right now. - Cheryl James
My mom was a '70s mom. She paved a road that no one had yet walked. - Melissa Leo
For me, just being how old I am, I know I don't want to be a single mom. I really would rather make it a two-person job. But I've also come to terms with not being a mother at all. I'm actually really good with either direction that my life can take as being a valid experience. - Lisa Edelstein
My mom didn't use face cream, like, nothing at all. She's got great skin and looks very youthful. - Lara Stone
There's a book called 'The Shack' - it had a lot to do with me coming full circle, meeting my birth mother. Awhile back, my birth mom and my adopted mom came to my show together, and it was pretty surreal. - Rodney Atkins
When you're adopted, no matter what, you've got issues with unconditional love. And you find out you're the product of the worst situation for a young girl to be in and start her life, and I'm so grateful that my birth mom made the decision she made. She came from a rough situation. - Rodney Atkins
I was a sickly baby, and after two sets of adoptive parents took me home, they returned me to the orphanage because of a serious respiratory infection. But as they say, the third time's a charm, because my mom and dad adopted me and took me into their home where I was raised in a family full of love. - Rodney Atkins
Right now, it hasn't affected my music other than the fact that I don't have time to write any of it. That's no different from when I first started and I lived at home. I would play the guitar in the afternoon and then my mom or my dad would come home and I'd have to quit. - Paul Westerberg
My mom is many times responsible for getting us all together, but we trade off at each other's houses. My brother and I are actors and are traveling a lot of our job. - Beau Bridges
I wanted to have a personal life that I fully inhabited, not because I am such a great mom, but for me. - Helen Hunt
The most important thing in my father's life? World peace. Me and my brother. My mom. - Sean Lennon
I've had Susan Sarandon play my mom, and now Lesley Ann Warren has played my mom, so if I could have Debra Winger play my mom, then I would have the trifecta of my favorite actresses playing my mother. - Jenna Fischer
We always had 'Vogue' in our house. But, when I was around 12, my Mom finally took me seriously about modeling and put a stack of magazines in front of me, then told me to study all the poses. The ones I loved the most were in 'Vogue.' - Chanel Iman
My goal is to be a household name, and when I do that, I want to help other girls become models, and maybe even launch a fashion line with my mom, like Beyonce did with her mother. My mom has such a good eye, and it's always been a dream of hers. - Chanel Iman
When you're a mom and you have three children, nothing bothers you. Trust me. Who cares what people say? I've got other things to deal with. - Faith Hill
My mom was a saint. She taught me to be terminally nice. - Iggy Pop
I was who I was in high school in accordance with the rules of conduct for a normal person, like obeying your mom and dad. Then I got out of high school and moved out of the house, and I just started, for lack of a better term, running free. - Iggy Pop
I was always a closet lover of acting. My mom was very practical. She never, ever restricted our dreams, always told us we could do or be anything. Then I said, 'Maybe I want to be an actor'. And she said, 'Maybe not that'. - Octavia Spencer
My mom is very Southern and she in real life says things like, 'If you've got it, flaunt it.' - Cheryl Hines
Well, when I was a little girl we had 17 cats once. They all lived outside, and they kept having more kittens. My mom made us put little ribbons around each kitten's neck, put them in a wagon, and go door-to-door around the neighborhood to try to give them away. - Cheryl Hines
I saw things at an early age because my mom was a theater actress. I did a play with her when I was 10 years old. - Sam Rockwell
In Fargo, they say, well, that's a job. How well do you get paid? For example, for this book I was written about in Entertainment Weekly, and it was kind of cool because my mom asked me if Entertainment Weekly was a magazine or a newspaper. - Chuck Klosterman
Mom was the one who taught me unconditional love. With Dad, I'd always felt there was something to live up to - expectations. But in the last year, we had a wonderful relationship. - Greg Louganis
Growing up with three older brothers and being the youngest and the only girl, my mom always made me tough. She's taught me over the years how to be a strong, independent woman, how to carry yourself in a positive way and anything that my brothers can do, I can do. - Diana Lopez
If I made a list of the people I admire, Mom would probably fill up half of it. She could do anything and everything. - Patsy Cline
I always had a standard of, back when I was doing the country music I always told people I would never record a song that I wouldn't sit down and sing in front of my mom and dad. - Ricky Skaggs
My mom did costumes for the Pointer Sisters. - Slash
I was born in Corpus Christi, Texas, the youngest of four girls, including my oldest sister, Lisa, who has special needs. My mom was a special education teacher, and my dad worked on the Army base. We weren't wealthy, but we were determined to succeed. - Eva Longoria
My mom was always the supplier of soccer balls, and so people were always knocking on my door, and trying to get me out so we could play. - Freddy Adu
I wanted to get us a place of our own with a little bit more space. The kitchen is just huge, because my mom... lives there, man, and she loves being in the kitchen. - Freddy Adu
I was looking to do something non-fiction because I had done a strip, 'My Mom Was a Schizophrenic.' I really enjoyed the process of doing that strip, despite its subject matter. To do it I'd had to do a lot of research and reading and I figured I'd like to do that again. - Chester Brown
My mom died when I was 8. - Lisa Guerrero
I'm proud of what I look like. I'm proud that I look like my mom. - Lisa Guerrero
You know when everyone's watching, your mom and dad, your friends in high school who thought they were better than you. You get your chance to get in the spotlight and shine. - Shaun Alexander
I finished high school, moved to Nashville for college, and set out to break into the music business. Every night when I called home with news of my experiences, my mom and dad would encourage me to keep taking those small steps. - Trisha Yearwood
My mom has a good way of engaging me in a conversation about the choices I make, listening, being objective and open-minded, and respecting those choices so long as they don't put me in danger. - Casey Affleck
To this day, my mom's unsinkable spirit is an inspiration to me. For nearly thirty years, she's worked at the Library of Congress. Everyone knows Sameha simply as 'Sami.' Along with 500 miles of shelved books, her closest friendships are cataloged in that library. They are as much the value of work to my mom as is the work itself. - Hoda Kotb
I can't remember a time when my mom didn't work. She has forever been on the move: a go-getter. When my brother Adel and I had a paper route as kids, my mom would get up before us at the crack of dawn to drop off the Washington Post at different corners. - Hoda Kotb
I have a very close relationship with my mom, and I'm able to talk to her about anything. - Jessica Szohr
Being an only child, I didn't have any other family but my mom and dad really, since the rest of my family lived quite far away from London. - Tom Hardy
My mom put me in a Pampers commercial on TV. - Christian Slater
My mom was always pretty supportive. She saw me do plays and she'd always act out the parts I did. My aunt, who played a big part in my life, was a little bit more reserved, because if they don't see you on TV every week they think you must be starving. - Angela Bassett
There are lots of different ways for women to be a mom in this culture. - Kate Walsh
My mom, she's a breast cancer survivor and because of that I had started getting mammograms once a year, starting at age 30. - Kate Walsh
My mom was at every single game I played as a kid, rain or shine. - Ryne Sandberg
Before becoming a mom, I never knew how good I had it to just spend time at a spa for a few hours. Now, those days are far and between. So when I have an hour, it's all about the mani and pedi. - Tia Mowry
There is nothing like becoming a mom to fill you with fear. - Arianna Huffington
Trying to be Supermom is as futile as trying to be Perfect Mom. Not going to happen. - Arianna Huffington
When I get a new script my mom will read them and just be aghast. I think it's hysterical. - Alia Shawkat
I would forgive my mom, but she's going to have to admit she did some things that were wrong. - Aaron Carter
My mother and my grandmother are pioneers of Mexican cuisine in this country, so I grew up in the kitchen. My mom, Zarela Martinez, was by far my biggest influence and inspiration - and toughest critic. - Aaron Sanchez
My mom bought me a white Strat, but that wasn't what I wanted, so I went to a guitar store in Cleveland and - the guy told me it was a really good deal - made an even swap for a blue Teisco Del Ray. I loved that guitar and used it a bunch. - Dan Auerbach
If I lived alone, Mom'd never sleep because she wouldn't know I was okay. - Scott Baio
I have a 16 year-old son, so I'm now a soccer mom. I stand on the sidelines and I hear the things parents are saying, so I want them to understand what it is their kids are feeling in any sports environment. - Brandi Chastain
My parents and my grandfather on my mom's side would travel the earth. They went to Australia and China, and they went to probably every soccer game I ever played. - Brandi Chastain
I don't know that I have any role models now that are fixed. Definitely my mom - she's the coolest. She's worked really hard her whole life and I just think she's got a great attitude. Moms just know so much it's so silly. - Larisa Oleynik
My mom's one of 13 siblings, and they all got six kids, and till I was 13 everybody was in Compton. - Kendrick Lamar
I love playing moms. It's a lot easier than being a mom, I hear. - Faith Ford
When I was 12 I cried to my mom, because I never got my letter to Hogwarts. - Sara Paxton
My mother smokes me out. We'll get these long periods of me thinking I'm too busy to call her up or e-mail her, and she'll send me something. My mom's a real whiner. I love her to death, but she always sends me these 'woe is me' things. I think she might be Jewish. I'm not sure. She's Baptist-Jewish, which is a double whammy. - Ronnie Dunn
The rule with my mom was that the only way that I could be an actress when I was young was that I continued to go to public school and get straight A's in all my classes. - Sara Paxton
Death can't be so bad if mom went through it. It makes it easier for the child to follow. - Danny Aiello
My mom always said that if the Protestants catch a Catholic in their church, they feed them to the Jews. - Kate O'Brien
I deal with postpartum feelings by reaching out to mom friends. I became very close with some of the women in my prenatal yoga class. - Alyssa Milano
The first few weeks of being a mom were profound, not just emotionally but also, physically. All the changes you instinctually go through are miraculous. - Alyssa Milano
When I was a kid and got in trouble, I'd always say, Mom, I'm in trouble. Well, Mom, I'm in trouble. - Earl Campbell
As a busy working mom I'm always pressed for time, so a quick and easy beauty routine is key! - Angela Kinsey
My mom, the fabulous Bertie Kinsey, is an amazing seamstress. She quilts and sews and is so crafty. We call her the Southern Martha Stewart! - Angela Kinsey
I think it's a tough road if you're a stay-at-home mom, a working mom, if you have a partner, if you don't. It's the best job in the world, and the toughest job in the world all at the same time. - Angela Kinsey
My very sassy, older southern sister is very quick to point out that it's a luxury that my daughter gets to come to work with me. She does, and I have lunch with her every single day. My mom says I have 'high class problems.' - Angela Kinsey
Now that I'm a mom, I'm way more laid back. If you come into my house, don't look for a coaster. Forget it. There is not a piece of furniture in my house now that is too precious. - Angela Kinsey
I'm like any working mom. - Kelly Ripa
But to sustain a marriage for 50 years, you have to get real a little bit and find someone who is understanding and who you can grow with. My mom always says, 'Marry the man who loves you a millimeter more.' - Ali Larter
I'm talking like 10, 12 years old. Either junior brings Mom and Pop or Mom and Pop bring the kids. I'm talking young here, not a college drinking crowd. - George Thorogood
My mom, she's from Ireland, coached tennis in Nigeria when she was a missionary and turned me on to it when I was young. - Donal Logue
Becoming a mom made me more contentious about expressing my true taste. - Edie Brickell
My mom was a source of strength.She showed me by example that women, regardless of how difficult life may get, can do it all. - Gloria Estefan
My mom was definitely very strict with me. - Gloria Estefan
I dyed my hair blonde when I was 14. My mom was not happy. But I love being blonde. - Rita Ora
My mom's a Catholic, and my dad's a Jew, and they didn't want anything to do with anything. - Isabelle Huppert
Before I was a mom I used to think that parents who worried about their kids watching MTV were just clueless. Now that I'm a mom, I see what the fuss was all about! - Martha Quinn
My mom FedExes a red velvet cake she makes from scratch to me every birthday. - Molly Sims
I remember my mom dressed like Janis Joplin. - Bryan White
It was sort of just a family sport. My mom and dad were pretty keen golfers when I was young and so were my grandparents, and I just sort of tagged along with them. - Karrie Webb
I showed my mom the movie then I told her the movie got bought and that it was gonna be shown in theatres and be on video. Everyone was really psyched about it. Everyone in my little town of hounds started to call me movie star. - Jason Mewes
A Modern Mom to me is not always someone that juggles a career and family. A Modern Mom is a woman who takes care of herself on the inside and the outside. - Regina King
I learned a lot from my Mom. My favorite lesson: remember there is no such thing as a certain way to parent and to remember that you are learning along with your child - it's ok to make mistakes. - Regina King
There are days when I wonder why my mom couldn't be here to see this. - Maya Rudolph
My mom was onstage when she was pregnant with me. - Zosia Mamet
Of course, I would be depressed sometimes, and my Mom would be worried about me because I would just sleep to escape. Cause I was so scared of being a musician or artist, or whatever you want to call it. - Chantal Kreviazuk
I was into opera as a kid - I'd play 'Carmen' and sing and dance. My mom signed me up for a theater group before preschool, and I never looked back. - Nina Arianda
I begged my mom to let me start skating. - Debi Thomas
I would make my mom buy me the toy doctor kit. - Debi Thomas
I was born and raised in the high desert of Nevada in a tiny town called Searchlight. My dad was a hard rock miner. My mom took in wash. I grew up around people of strong values - even if they rarely talked about them. - Harry Reid
I remember my mom saying to me that what your friends do is one thing, but what you do could be on the front page of the paper. - Scott McClellan
I've looked at pictures that my mom has of me, from when I was four years old at the turntable. I'm there, reaching up to play the records. I feel like I was bred to do what I do. I've been into music, and listening to music and critiquing it, my whole life. - Dr. Dre
My mom has this great skiing event in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, every year for a local charity. - Joely Fisher
I suddenly had this really mad desire to have an affair with a woman. I was divorced. I was childless. I figured there's got to be one more way to really tick off my mom. - Carol Leifer
My mom is in her mid-60s and has more energy and is more youthful than any human being I know. It's pretty incredible. - Oliver Hudson
I don't think I would have been able to stick with it and been proud of who I am and be feminine out on the court. I think I would have folded to the peer pressure if I didn't have my mom to encourage me to be me and be proud of how tall I am. - Lisa Leslie
For me, being tall was very positive because I thought my mom was the most beautiful person ever. - Lisa Leslie
My mom didn't ever think I would take to acting because I was a very shy, very reserved kind of child. But obviously, something changed! - Abigail Breslin
I was watching TV at age 9 or 10, and my mom said that I came from the front room and I told her that I want to act. And she said if you want to do this at 18, then you can. It was a very simple story, yet, I do not even remember the conversation that I had with my mother. Until she reminded me of the story many years later. - Derek Luke
I've always wanted to be an actress, ever since I was a little girl. I always played the mom and I played my sister as the daughter. I wanted to be an actress on television and movies instead of just around the house. - Dakota Fanning
My dad named me Dakota and my mom came up with my first name Hannah. So it's Hannah Dakota Fanning. - Dakota Fanning
I didn't really know what I wanted to do, and then I got this call from a casting director in Los Angeles. She remembered me from something years before, and she called my mom wanting me to audition for this thing. - Scott Speedman
My mom would be leaving the house and she'd say, 'Don't you pull out all of the old dresses in the attic and put on a show again!' And the door would close, and that's exactly what I'd do. The show was calling me! - Michael Patrick King
I do believe that there are African Americans who have thick accents. My mom has a thick accent my relatives have thick accents. But sometimes you have to adjust when you go into the world of film, TV, theatre, in order to make it accessible to people. - Viola Davis
My mom once lost track of me at the zoo and when she found me I was lecturing a man about the difference between dromedary and Bactrian camels. I was about 3 1/2. - Patrick Rothfuss
Work ethic has always been stressed in my family. My dad is going to be 80 years old and he still works part time. My mom just retired a couple years ago and she's in her mid- to late 70s. - Jamie Moyer
I was home-schooled, was always very close with my mom and was very straight-laced and square. I was never the rebellious one, and I never threw hissy fits. - Brie Larson
I was 3 when I told my mom that I knew what my dharma was and that I wanted to be an actor. - Brie Larson
For a kid who's lost his mom and all the rage and grief that no one was able to talk out of me, football was a very therapeutic sport. Very. - Jon Hamm
I wanted to marry a girl just like my mom. - Michael Bergin
But the fact is, I'm not work-identified. I'm not a lawyer or a writer. I'm a mom, and I'm a woman, and that's the kind of people I want to see in books in the starring role. - Lisa Scottoline
My father left... but I tell my mom - and I told my mom this when I was a kid - I said, 'You know what, Mom? Good thing he left because you're a strong woman.' - J. R. Martinez
When I came out of my mom's womb, I had 'sitcom' stamped on my forehead. - Sean Hayes
I played with dolls until I was 15. My mother encouraged it because my older sister got married when she was 15, so Mom thought that the longer I stayed with dolls, the better. - Linda Evans
I'm probably a little more like my dad. But because of my mom, I never saw being a woman as being an impediment to being able to do something. She had her Ph.D. before I was born. - Mary Cheney
My brother Jim and I spent many wonderful summers working on dairy farms in Wisconsin owned by Mom's cousins, and as members of our local Boy Scout troop. - Peter Agre
When Queer Eye hit, the church told my mom they were praying for me. She said, God loves him too. And I support him 100 percent. - Jai Rodriguez
My mom doesn't get the whole gay thing, but she loves me. - Jai Rodriguez
I had said to some pastor that I was having thoughts, and the church turned on me. They went to my mom and said, So sorry about your son. - Jai Rodriguez
I am a mom as well as a senator! - Patty Murray
I had so many offers after 'True Blood' for things that were someone in the same vein, but nowhere near Alan Ball's vision. Or something that was over-the-top and fantastical. And I've always wanted to play the regular, working-class mom, and I've never really had the chance to do that. - Michelle Forbes
I'd never really babysat. I feel like I'm Blair, or 'Gossip Girl.' A teenager, basically - and now suddenly I'm a mom? - Cecily von Ziegesar
I always wanted to be a mom. - Kate Hudson
When my dad was badly weakened by the flu and my mom wanted to call an ambulance to take him to the emergency room, he wouldn't go unless he could shave first and change into a nice shirt and a pair of slacks. - Rich Lowry
I don't deal with death very well. My brother, John Candy, my dad, my mom, Brandon Tartikoff just a couple of weeks ago. I mean, you lose a lot of people in your life, and that's one thing I am constantly working on - pain management. - James Belushi
Every family is different. I am mom and I am dad and I'm going to do my best. You should be proud, walk through life saying I have the coolest family. I am part of a modern family. - Ricky Martin
I would borrow my mom's red Borghese lipstick and smear it on like a clown! - Brooke Burns
There was a point - when I was a kid - where I said I wanted to be like Luke Skywalker, with blond hair and blue eyes. My mom right there told me to never be ashamed of who I am. - Chaske Spencer
I got tackled once in a movie theater. I was with my mom and brother, and then suddenly I got hit from behind and sort of sprawled out on the candy counter. - Scott Wolf
For example, I loved English and history at school. I would have loved to have done a degree in either. But my Mom said I didn't have time for university. - Vanessa Mae
I've had to adapt my wardrobe to my various roles, both at the office, as a mom, and for television. When I shop for the season I look for pieces that will suit every facet of my daily life, not just one single occasion. - Nina Garcia
Married and divorced, three beautiful daughters, two in college. The other one is 16, lives with her mom. I'm 46, I've worked for the Post Office for 18 years, seven facilities in three states. - Arthur Godfrey
I naturally wanted to be saved, so when I came home I told my mom I wanted to be confirmed. That's the way I related to it, being raised an Episcopalian. I went to Dallas and got confirmed. - T-Bone Burnett
I heard the Beatles and the Stones, and Mom bought me an electric guitar. I played lead for four years and then switched to bass. One day someone suggested that I should sing, so I sheepishly stepped up to the microphone and the rest is rock history. - Glenn Hughes
I wanted to be an astronaut and wanted to go to space camp, but then I found out that I was too short to become an astronaut. My mom really made me believe that if I worked hard enough and if I really wanted to do it, I could do it. - Soleil Moon Frye
My mom always made sure I lived my life as a regular kid. - Soleil Moon Frye
I had ridiculous amounts of energy. Mom's like, you're driving me crazy - do you want to try gymnastics? From the moment I started it, I loved it and it kind of was like storybook from there. - Alicia Sacramone
My mother stopped working when she had my brother. She was a full time mom until I started getting heavily into ice skating lessons, and it got to the point where they really needed my mom to earn an income. - Dorothy Hamill
I didn't really get into golf until I was about 14. My mom and dad were taking lessons from a pro an hour and a half from our farm in Cohuna, Australia. When they got home, I'd ask my mom to explain everything they learned - drills and all. - Stuart Appleby
My mother was predominately a stay-at-home mom. - Andrew Rannells
No, like I said, my dad was never really part of the tennis. His involvement around what I did with the tennis and with my mom and my grandparents was really not a part of my life. - Jimmy Connors
I think my mom threatened to put me up for adoption a few times. - Ivanka Trump
At 3 years old, I was imitating and doing fun little commercials for the family. Then at 5, I knew, 'OK, this is something I really like.' At 8, I was crying in front of the mirror and my mom was like, 'Oh boy, here we go. We know what she's going to do.' - Lana Parrilla
I never liked apples. In fact, when I was a little girl, my mom wanted to give me apples in my lunch box and I would ask for green peppers. So bizarre... It's funny - I don't have an apple a day, but I can say that I have a few a week. - Lana Parrilla
My mom and father are extremely proud. They love it when I don't die. I've done so many movies where I've died that their first question when I book a job is, 'So, are you going to die in this?' - Michael Ealy
My mom has a tape from when I was, like, 2 years old, talking with my grandma, telling her a story that's really elaborate about werewolves and wolves. - Amanda Hocking
I couldn't wait until I grew up. I used to look at my mom's stockings and put them on with her high heels and mess with my hair. - Florence Griffith Joyner
My mom grew up in Kansas, my dad in Indiana. They had boring childhoods. - Hunter Parrish
My mom was a dancer, my dad's a singer and I've always had that kind of music in my life. - Elvis Stojko
My mom died of cancer when I was really young. I'm not someone who tries to work out their own stuff with a role, but I think that happened despite my best efforts to keep myself separate from it. - Sarah Polley
My mom sent me to regular high school because she wanted me to have that experience and not say that I missed out, but I didn't like it at all. I'm more comfortable in the world that I'm in, I grew up in it so when I get around normal kids in regular high school I don't know what to do. I feel more secure in an adult environment. - Alexa Vega
We've got activists all across the country like the members of the Million Mom March organization, some of their leaders are here tonight. We're phone banking congressional offices and pursuing editorial boards. - Michael D. Barnes
My dad and mom divorced when I was around ten, and I didn't live with him after that, though he was close by and we saw each other weekly. I wasn't really aware that he was a writer I didn't start reading his writing until I was about fifteen. It occurred to me then that my dad was kind of special he's still one of my favorite writers. - Andre Dubus III
Sometimes, if you don't have kids yourself, it's assumed you won't understand or know how to play a mom, which is kind of silly if you think about it. - Tricia Helfer
I wasn't always a writer. When I went to college and majored in fine arts, I was a painter. Then I was a stay-at-home mom. - Janet Evanovich
It's always been a dream of mine to get somewhere and to have my mom and dad with me up there. - Haley Reinhart
Dad worked his entire career as an aviation technician. Mom was a legal secretary who became a teacher. We lived a simple American life. - Brian Sandoval
My mom was a Democrat and I was scared to death that she was gonna blow it. First I was going to hell with Monroe, and now to Republican hell with Nixon. - Tommy Rettig
It's impossible to put yourself first when you're a mom. - Jillian Michaels
My parents were both in show business. My father was an actor, my mom an actress, and both singers, dancers and actors. They met in Los Angeles doing a play together and so I grew up in a show biz family. - Micky Dolenz
My dad was a good athlete. My mom had longevity. There were some athletic genes that certainly got passed down. - Hale Irwin
Usually a family is led through the mom or the dad and their career and for the family to be led by my career, even though God has led it, could be a lot of pressure. - Stacie Orrico
I wasn't one to go out and buy a new car and stereo system and expensive clothes. My mom helped keep me grounded. - Christina Applegate
My dad's an architect and my mom owned a French bakery for twelve years. - Alison Lohman
Well, I am not really a conventional mom at all. Like, I had my kids really young. I had Danny when I was 18 or 19 and then Liam when I was 23 and Molly, I had when I was a little older. - Monica Potter
As a mom, I understand how important it is to ensure kids start their day right and always make sure my kids have a nutritious breakfast. One in five U.S. children live in homes where food is not always available, which is why I partnered with Kellogg's on their 'Share Your Breakfast' campaign, which provide breakfasts to kids in need. - Monica Potter
My mom thought I might be good for voiceover. She thought I had a cute voice, so maybe I could do a cartoon or something. And while we were looking into that, we also thought I should get into theater acting, so I tried it and the first audition I went on, I booked it. And it kind of just snowballed from there. - Atticus Shaffer
Just recently I was in Target with my mom shopping, and out of the blue, I see this father and his two daughters and he says, 'Can they get a picture with you?' And I'm thinking to myself, 'Am I the one millionth customer or something?' - Atticus Shaffer
I've always been homeschooled, so doing it on set is kind of the same thing. My mom makes it very interactive - we'll get a book on chocolate and learn how to make it, or she will buy antique items. I love military history, the mechanics and strategy of it. - Atticus Shaffer
I was two years old when my mom put me in mommy and me classes. I always had a lot of energy so it was the perfect fit! - Aly Raisman
I'm almost a full-time mom. - Ekaterina Gordeeva
My mom and my dad wanted my brother and I to have a better life, you know, better education, better jobs. It was probably harder, much, much harder, for my parents. When you're a kid, you can learn a language much more easily I learned English in less than a year. - Mila Kunis
It was definitely a part of our life. I mean, my mom had both her brothers and her fiancee in Vietnam at the same time, so it wasn't just my dad's story, it was my mom's story too. And we definitely grew up listening to the stories. - Vanessa Kerry
I'm not a figurehead for anything. I was a single mom with two kids. What else was I going to do? It was either be in a band or be a waitress. - Chrissie Hynde
I told my agents that I didn't want to go on the audition. But as that was happening I called my mom, who has been watching the show from the beginning, and my mom said, 'It's the coolest show. You have to go.' - Mary Lynn Rajskub
My mom is still yelling at me because she needs more autographed pictures. - Ashton Kutcher
I'm named after a horse. My mom's best friend had a horse named Brooke, so my dad suggested 'Brooklyn' as a more formal version, and it just stuck - and now I live in Brooklyn part-time, so go figure. - Brooklyn Decker
But my mother and father were married when my mom was 20 and my dad was 24. - Rachael Leigh Cook
You know that I am living proof that the American Dream is real. Growing up, our congressman cut through government bureaucratic red tape to help my mom buy our first house. That's the kind of congressman I'll be. - Geoff Davis
When I was 11 my friend's mom made a peanut butter sandwich. I ate the sandwich and was like, 'I'm never eating anything else again.' And I still eat peanut butter every day. I would put peanut butter on a steak. - Aasif Mandvi
My mom raised us three boys by herself on welfare. It's not worse than anybody else's life. - Jeffrey Donovan
Now, if you're Al Gore, you can afford $10 a pop for squiggly-pig-tailed fluorescent light bulbs. But if you're mainstream America, two or three kids, mom and dad working outside the home, that's not a very good deal. - Joe Barton
I still feel like a kid sometimes myself so hard to believe that I'm a mom. Now I'm an adult! It only took 38 years! - Ana Ortiz
I was really lucky. My gal pal was my mom. - Ana Ortiz
In third grade, I was taking tap-dance lessons, and about six weeks before the recital I wanted to quit. My mom said, 'No, you're going to stay with it.' Well, I did it, and I was bad, too! But my parents never let their kids walk away from something because it was too hard. - Rebecca Lobo
I love to fly. I always wanted to fly. It's been one of my dreams since I was 3 years old. I remember saying to my mom, 3 years old, every day, 'I can fly!' Living on the ninth floor, it was dangerous. - Elena Anaya
In fact, my mom always told me because I was the daughter of an Army officer born overseas in Paris, France, that under the Constitution she believed that I could never run for president. - Karen Hughes
They wrapped her up like a baby burrito to show to Mom. Here were a mother and her daughter and I love them both so much. I couldn't wait for Courtney to come to the hospital so I could have all my women together. - Al Roker
My mom breastfed me for more than a year, and I can't imagine doing it any other way. It's cheap and much better for the environment, and you don't have to lug all that stuff around. - Emily Deschanel
I never thought I was a great mom. I always worked. I fell in love with my children as they got older. - Marla Gibbs
My mom just understands about stuff. We have a really good trust, and she knows I can take care of myself. - Balthazar Getty
I don't have to do a lot to my eyebrows. My mom always told me not to pluck them, which is great advice. - Arizona Muse
I remember my mom saying that after you have a baby you get really thin. So you gain all that weight and then you just lose it and keep losing it. - Arizona Muse
I feel like I'm a stay-at-home mom, which I was for the five years before this. She's absolutely been my focus. That's the choice I made. Desperate Housewives is perfect for me. I get to go back to work and still be able to take my daughter to school and pick her up. - Teri Hatcher
If you just stay away from junk, and stick with what your mom taught you, you're eating pretty healthy. - Sprague Grayden
I'm from Manchester, Mass., so it was lobster, lobster and more lobster! Also, lots of fish that we caught in the summers, clam chowder and roast beef sandwiches. But my mom was pretty healthy we had a lot of chicken and broccoli and rice as well. - Sprague Grayden
I'm not sure anyone - and I could be wrong in this - grows up thinking, I want to be a single mom. - Bridget Moynahan
I'm a mom first, a singer second. - Gretchen Wilson
Mom worked with autistic children. - Isabel Lucas
So much of our lives are defined by habit or what the guy next to us is doing, never wondering and knowing who and what we support with our actions, from the detergent Mom always used, to my favorite dish I make... A lot of my life is unexamined habit. - Kristin Bauer van Straten
My mom was so people-friendly. She was incredible. She'd go to the mall, and she'd talk to everyone. Give people a kiss on the cheek. I think if I wasn't pushed around a lot, I'd be great with people. Maybe I still can be. - Fred Couples
My mom was Sicilian, my dad was Sicilian. Mom was a great cook, but all the women were. - Chazz Palminteri
I used to do skits for my mom... and I was always entertaining as a kid. - Leah Remini
They see me as being this Super Mom on TV who also can more than handle a difficult husband, and they assume I'm going to be just full of wisdom as a mother and wife myself. - Patricia Richardson
I took piano for many years. I kicked and screamed through all of my lessons, but my mom really insisted. - Kristin Kreuk
When I was 10 years old my mom used to play Tupac while she cleaned the house. - Soulja Boy
My dad died when I was three so my mom had to raise four kids on her own, and I think there's a part of me that pulls upon having watched my mom do that our whole lives. She had to make it work. - Leslie Bibb
That's a big deal for kids, when they come into the kitchen and the teacher is drinking coffee with mom. They react differently on the next day when you say: 'Sit down and shut-up!' - Ed O'Neill
I love my mother Ali so much. I'm a momma's boy. I just have a very cool mom. It's not as though I had any say in the matter. I'm just really fortunate. She's the most kind, loving, giving woman. - Hayden Christensen
My mom had gotten a Super 8 camera to make home movies with, and my brother and me got our hands on it and ran with it. - Lev Yilmaz
No one was more important than my mom and dad. I know they are watching from a place up in heaven here today to make sure all their kids are doing good. - Eddie Murray
I really like Calvin Klein for his classic simplicity. I also think Prabal Gurung designs some great pieces that work well for me. My mom has such great style she's my biggest influence. - Isabelle Fuhrman
I never let anyone pluck, including myself, unless my mom approves. She guards my eyebrows. She's like the eyebrow police! - Isabelle Fuhrman
My grandmother had six kids - one died as an infant - and she was dirt-poor, and all her kids got an education. And my mom grew up poor. And they both worked so hard and cultivated so much of their own happiness. I wanted to have that like an amulet. Not like armor, but like a magic feather. Like Dumbo's magic feather. - Lucy Alibar
I want somebody like my mom. My mom is a very charitable woman. She's the sweetest woman in the world. I'm looking for the second sweetest woman in the world. I'm looking for honesty and a big heart. - Jason Derulo
My mom would have liked it that I patterned myself more after Jimmy Reed. - Jimmy Smith
My mom and dad - they were always there. They were always on the set. They focused on our family life. The entertainment business wasn't the end-all. They weren't out to get the next big paycheck or the next big movie. It was about 'What can we do as a family.' - Candace Cameron Bure
The military infrastructure grew me. My faith in God is important, my belief in my country is important, my relationship to my family is important, the things that Mom and Dad tell you growing up are important. - Tommy Franks
I always think about which blood drive was going on in Georgia that day when that husband or mom or school teacher rolled up their sleeve and actually gave me a second chance at life. It's the ultimate gift of life, and I'm the one who was on the other end. - Niki Taylor
I was a big fan of 'The Smurfs' growing up, even though by default - my mom used to force me to watch because she was a 'Smurfs' fan. - Jayma Mays
My mom was a big 'Smurfs' fan, so she would force me to watch every Saturday morning. I had no choice in the matter. I would jump downstairs on Saturday morning, 'Hurray, cartoons!' and she would say, 'Smurfs! That's what you're watching.' - Jayma Mays
When I was little, we lived on 8 acres and my mom had a horse. But when I was 7, my mom kicked my dad out, and then in order to feed us five kids, she got critters cheap or for free and raised them for food. We milked a cow, raised chickens, pigs and beef cattle. We heated our one-story house with wood and stayed cold all winter. - Bonnie Jo Campbell
I grew up with the classics. My mom and I would sit and watch 'Singin' in the Rain' and 'White Christmas' - those kind of movies. - Lucas Grabeel
Two weeks ago at the U.S. Amateur, my mom caddied, and that is kind of a different feeling, because she's your mom and you have to listen to her. It was really comfortable having my mom there, but it's also really relieving and comfortable to have someone that knows the course off their hat, really. - Lydia Ko
My mom is a very warm, typical sort of Jewish-mother type. And my dad has a somewhat, um, different personality. - Peter Orszag
I hope that through my work, artists will take some chances, break some rules, and make art that comes from inside of them. I would like to be remembered as a kind person, a great Mom, and a bit unruly - in a good way! - Angela Cartwright
I think there's a time to work, and everyone has to kind of adjust. And then there's a time to relax, and be the mom or take the kids on vacation when you need to wind down. So it's a matter of planning, and being able to map out your year or your week or let's start with the day. It is just being multi-tasking and being available. - Vanessa Williams
Well, my mom taught public school music for almost 40 years. And she's about 5 feet - and very mighty. And she would control her kids a lot by giving them the eye, or the stare. - Vanessa Williams
She had a hit for every syllable: 'Don't. You. Ever. Talk. To. Me. Like. That. Ever. Again.' That was the last time I ever talked back to Mom. - Misty May-Treanor
My mom's passionate and energetic and very funny and enthusiastic. - Eric Stonestreet
My whole life sort of ended when my mom died. - Cheryl Strayed
I always tell people, I'm a better swimmer because I'm a mom and a better mom because I'm swimmer. - Amanda Beard
People close to me called me 'Curry in a Hurry.' I was moving through life at 100 miles an hour trying to further my career and be a great mom and make everyone happy. - Ann Curry
I think my first big purchase was actually for my mom. She had one of those '90s TVs in her living room that's like a 10x10 brick, so I purchased her a flatscreen for her living room. - Dave Franco
I'm not sure what I want to do when I grow up, or if I'm sure I ever want to grow up. I'm sure there are people that wish I would, but you know, my mom will get over it. - Jerry Doyle
My mom had to beg the guys to let me play. I couldn't even play the drums right - Brian had to show me. - Dennis Wilson
It's quite hard to have your mom as a teacher - it's like, she's not necessarily a 'real teacher' for me. But she'd always teach me to really hear the music, and develop my ear, and to try and hear the harmonics of the piano. - Birdy
My mom's a concert pianist, so she started teaching me when I was around seven. When I was eight, I started writing my own songs, and kinda started putting piano and singing together. But I'm trained classically, which is a big influence on me, I think. - Birdy
We're definitely a hodgepodge of influences. Mine, most heavily, would be Southern rock - the Allman Brothers, Lynyrd Skynyrd and stuff like that. Hillary is more from the country side - her mom is Linda Davis, a country singer. Dave, he's a big fan of the Eagles and like that. - Charles Kelley
My mom was the picture of the blue-collar mom: Two and three and four jobs to make sure that me and my sister never needed, that was her thing. - Ne-Yo
For the first few years of my life my mom used to cut my hair so there were a lot of bowl-cut hair styles. - Ne-Yo
I probably wouldn't be singing if not for Michael Jackson. When I started singing, I didn't like my tone until my mom put me on to Michael Jackson and Stevie Wonder, so listening to the way they used their instrument helped me get more comfortable with my own. - Ne-Yo
I was serious about ballet for a long time, but my mom got me into tap and jazz and modern and hip-hop, and I was one of those over-lessoned children. - Greta Gerwig
My earliest acting memory is making up a play for my mom and dad called The Lonesome Baby. I have no idea what The Lonesome Baby was about. I just remember the title. But I'm sure it was an epic. - Jane Horrocks
I think if I could be any superhero, it'd probably be my mom... but I don't think I'd look too good in high heels, so it's not gonna happen. - Jason Behr
I am very proud of my mom and consider her the most courageous woman I know. With perseverance, sacrifice and hard work, she raised a family of Olympic athletes and gave us the tools and the spirit to succeed. That is something that my brothers and I will always be thankful for. - Diana Lopez
My mom's collard greens. No one else in the world can make them like hers. I'm not just saying that because she's my mom. She's got some Mississippi secret. I could seriously eat them every day. - Santigold
It's the best thing ever - I love being a mom. This is my only child. My career was a priority earlier in my life, but now my son is definitely the priority. - Stephanie Mills
I love every second of being a mom. - Lily Aldridge
When I can 10 or 11, my mom was the one out there catching passes for me. She was my prime receiver. - Joe Theismann
My mom was very strict when I was growing up. I could not talk to boys until I was 18. I had to study and work hard. - Coco Lee
I'm not a businessperson. I have no sense of money. My mom does everything for me. She makes all my decisions for me, and even buys my clothes. She's very protective. - Coco Lee
I'm a mom, a full-time mom when I'm not taping. I do the carpool thing, and bake the cookies, and do the homework. - Vanna White
It would be great to do another television show that was a multi-camera because the hours are so wonderful and you can be a good mom at the same time. The problem is, there aren't a lot of multi-camera shows that I personally like. My aesthetic is more geared toward single-camera shows. - Kaitlin Olson
My mom, Emilie, always taught me to think hard about marriage. - Alyson Hannigan
My mom was a photographer and whenever they needed a baby for a modelling job, she'd stick me in front of the camera. That's how it started. - Alyson Hannigan
I love Westerns and I remember as a kid climbing up on the couch and make it into a saddle and shoot guns and fall off. I would lay there after my death and my mom would tell me to eat lunch and I'd say, 'I'm still dead, Mom!' I was Method, even then. - Creed Bratton
When I was a child it was very clear what I was allowed to see and what I was not allowed to see and there was no discussion or option or negotiation. Whatever my mom said, that's what went down. - Yul Vazquez
My mom put me in dance classes when I was 5 years old. - Danny Pudi
When I see my mom in the stands, it always pushes me to succeed. - Ashton Eaton
I think it would be a lot easier if I said, 'I feel like a dude,' but I was raised by a southern mom, so I know how to put on lipstick and walk in heels and rock that look. It's exactly that juxtaposition that confuses people. - Saskia de Brauw
My mom and dad are both in stand-up comedy, so that's where I started, that's where I got everything. My roots are holding the mic. - Pauly Shore
My mom is two people to me. She's my mom number one, and then she's this lady most comedians know as being a legendary owner of a nightclub that's responsible for starting a lot of heavy careers. - Pauly Shore
When I was six years old my friend was auditioning for 'Annie,' and I decided I wanted to audition with her. My mom was worried I would fall flat on my face because I'd never opened my mouth to sing, so she sent me to vocal lessons. I did the audition and fell in love with the entire process of a show. - Jacqueline Emerson
I think of myself as a fairly attractive girl and always have, thanks to my mom. I was brought into this world thinking I was gorgeous because my mother was extremely devoted to this notion. - Amy Schumer
I remember my mom had a big collection of copies of Saturday Evening Post magazines, and that was really my introduction to those great illustrators. - Thomas Kincade
I know this is kind of corny, but we thought about renewing our vows again because I think my mom would really love it if we did that in Arkansas, where I came from. - Mary Steenburgen
I've been an atheist since I was nine years old. And my mom is really religious, so we have a strange relationship. But if my mother was right, what would be the reason that the gods could let anything bad happen in the world? - Tarsem Singh
My mom and I have always had issues. - Mindy McCready
I'm a mom first. - Mindy McCready
I'm not blaming my mom for my life because I am responsible for me, and nobody can change me or ruin me easier than I can. - Mindy McCready
My dad is a lawyer and my mom is an artist. So growing up was exactly what it sounds like - strict household but a lot of creativity. They are so psyched that I get to make music for a living. My parents rule. - Ty Segall
Well I was eight years old, and I have an older cousin who is three years older than me and she was doing acting, commercials, and modeling at the time and... to see my cousin doing that was really inspiring and I wanted to do it. So I went to my mom and I asked her if I could do it, and for the acting part of it, she made me study for a year. - Hailee Steinfeld
I'm a just a mom when I walk down the street. - Alice Barrett
Naturally, people are curious about how my real mom feels about me having a TV mom. - Rico Rodriguez
I just started watching wrestling in 2008, and I've loved it ever since. I told my mom I wanted to become a wrestler. - Rico Rodriguez
My mom taught me how to make grilled chicken, and I bake, too. - Rico Rodriguez
For as long as I've been acting, I have been very lucky to be paired with really great actresses playing my mom. - Rico Rodriguez
When I was going on auditions, it was nerve-racking. I'd always say to my mom that it would be awesome if I could get a series. When Modern Family came along, I said, 'You know what, Mom? I believe I'm going to get this role.' - Rico Rodriguez
For some students, school is the only place where they get a hot meal and a warm hug. Teachers are sometimes the only ones who tell our children they can go from an Indian reservation to the Ivy League, from the home of a struggling single mom to the White House. - Denise Juneau
I always had an interest in fashion because my mom is a celebrity fashion stylist. I grew up being on set or in showrooms. - Jasmine Tookes
My mom always taught me to be sweet and polite and cross my legs because it's what the guys like. Actually, they like a raunchy girl once in a while. - Tiffani Amber Thiessen
My original inspiration was my mom: a few years after the death of my dad, she started dating one my teachers! - Meg Cabot
If I go on dates, my mom is always with me. She's always there making sure I'm all right. Like if I go to see a movie with a boy, she'll go to dinner next door. - Ariel Winter
An agent saw one of the plays I did at ACT, but my mom was like, No, she's too young. I became so annoying that a year and a half later she just couldn't stand hearing me any more! - Marla Sokoloff
Cancer has been unfortunately in my life. My mom's best friend is kicking ass in her battle with breast cancer. Both of my grandmas had cancer. I recently lost a friend to cancer. - Marla Sokoloff
I spend so much time with my parents. My mom and I were joined at the hip for five years. There was not one moment when I wasn't with her. - Kay Panabaker
My mom still lives in Denver and some of my brothers are still in the area, so I still have strong ties there. - Terrell Davis
When I'm in the gym, I'm in the gym, and that is my focus. But when I'm not in the gym, I'm enjoying being a mom and taking care of those responsibilities .. They really do provide me with the balance that I need to be a more complete athlete. - Melanie Roach
I'm looking forward to being a mom and a wife and a business owner. - Melanie Roach
I've been a pretty selfish mom and a very unselfish athlete for about three years now and it's time to put my family first. It's probably time to move on. - Melanie Roach
My first big job was an Abercrombie &ampFitch campaign. But my mom wouldn't let me skip school for it, so I missed half of the shoot. When we got there, we realized Bruce Weber was the photographer we knew we had made a mistake! - Lauren Bush
My mom and my stepdad are both therapists. - Jennifer Westfeldt
My mom is a constant in my life in so many ways. - Kerri Walsh
My mom was diagnosed with breast cancer when I was 13 and it was something we weren't really aware of as a family. - Rima Fakih
My mom told me to do whatever I wanted to do and don't get too anxious about it. - David Giuntoli
Sometimes when my mom finds a fun article and really wants me to read it, I will. But I prefer to just kind of focus on what I want to do and not really what other people are saying, because I don't want that to affect me too much. - Missy Franklin
My mom and dad put my brother and sister through university and they were very keen for us to have an academic background just to give us a chance. - Rob James-Collier
I had really great parents who always gave me lots of opportunity for choice, but I didn't always realize how rare that was for a girl for them to say, 'You can be a mom or have a career or do both or do something we haven't thought of yet.' - Ally Condie
You eat and sleep it all day long and play on the streets until mom calls you in. My story is no different than anybody else's. - Adam Oates
When you become a mom you just learn how to function sleep deprived and you do get used to it. I came back to work when Finley was three months old and the first few months were rough. Then somehow you learn to exist on no sleep and now when he does upon occasion sleep through the night, which is like a full six hours, you're pretty sure he's suffocating. So you don't sleep anyway. - Holly Marie Combs
I think there's a danger of a being typecast as the all-American mom forever. - JoBeth Williams
My Mom is a ballet director, so I had this idea in me that classical training is the best foundation for anything you do, so I wanted to get a classical background and voice. - Shuler Hensley
Everyone in my family is an artist. Both my parents are painters and my mom's an opera singer. I was never shown any other way to process life. - Aleksa Palladino
Losing my mom at such a young age had a profound effect on my life. - Molly Shannon
I think I'm going to spend some time learning how to be a first-time mom, and then I'll go back to work. - Linda Cardellini
My dad was Jewish. My mom is not. So I was not raised anything. - Matt Lauer
Growing up I always shopped at Victoria's Secret with my mom and saw Angels like Gisele and Karolina Kurkova in the windows. - Lindsay Ellingson
When I was young, I had two older sisters, and since I was the youngest in my family, my mom took me around with her all the time. I was forever with her when she was having coffee in the middle of the afternoon with her three sisters. And they would talk about men. I absorbed a lot of that. - Richard LaGravenese
My earliest memory is seeing Michael Jackson in Melbourne with my sister when I was about ten. I still have this souvenir stick with a glove that would light up and make a peace sign in a bunch of different colors. I'm so happy my mom didn't throw that out. - Emilie de Ravin
I was born to a Nigerian dad and a Kenyan mom, and coming to the States was really academic. - Dayo Okeniyi
Oh, my mom. She's one of my biggest fans. - Patina Miller
They very seldom let me lose my cool. They made me like I was Polly Perfect, which was ridiculous so that when I bump into kids on the street they'd say 'I wish my Mom were like you.' - Charlotte Rae
I usually travel with a lot of people, like my dad, mom and sisters. - Booboo Stewart
I'm a '70s mom, and my daughter is a '90s mom. I know a lot of women my age who are real computer freaks. - Florence Henderson
My mom was a professional fitness competitor, so I go into the gym with her. I train with my dad and mother. It's embarrassing, because she's really strong. - Booboo Stewart
Part of the reason that I moved to Los Angeles is that even though my mom introduced me to all kinds of music, I really wanted to work on having my own identify, on being who I am and doing what I do, and seeing how people responded. - Schuyler Fisk
I'm extremely blessed to have the extraordinary mother that I have, and I don't mean Diana Ross, I mean the mother. My mom paved a road that didn't exist, as did Oprah. - Tracee Ellis Ross
My mom taught me to go after my dreams. I have this faith in myself that I must have gotten from her. - Amy Jo Johnson
Because of my unique experience as my mom's child, the beginning of my journey was more about me trying to figure out who I was on my own. My mom is one of the greatest moms and so supportive of all my siblings and of all of us being who we are, and not who she wanted us to be. - Tracee Ellis Ross
I've been acting my whole life. I have this huge imagination! I'm a dancer and my mom's a dance teacher, and I was always performing and entertaining people. I'd go to see live theatre or a movie, and I'd become the main character for a few days afterwards. I loved being somebody new for a temporary amount of time. - Natasha Calis
So, from a very young age, my mom tells me that I wanted to be Michael J. Fox. I didn't want to be an actor. I just wanted to be Michael J. Fox for awhile. And then, I realized that he was an actor, so I pursued that. - Patrick J. Adams
When I was seven, I asked my mom if I could be on TV, and she said if I really wanted to, I could. I got an agent and booked my first audition. - Natasha Calis
My mom came from such humble beginnings and especially my dad as well. He didn't go to university. - Petra Ecclestone
My mom moved up between Leland and Greenville when I was just a little tot. - Little Milton
Well, Mom and Dad are both actors, and I've spent a lot of time watching my mom on stage and a lot of time on set with my dad, so it was very much a part of my growing up. - Eleanor Tomlinson
I always was drawn to the performing arts. I started dancing when I was two. I sang, loved to act, and loved going to visit my mom on-set. But she wanted me to have a normal childhood, so I wasn't really allowed to pursue acting till I got older. - Rainey Qualley
My mom is a really good cook. I didn't get the cooking gene, but she cooks this really amazing dinner every Christmas, and that's always really fun. - Miranda Cosgrove
Last time I spoke to my mom she called me from a pay phone, and we didn't have the best talk. Ever since my stepdad passed away three years ago, she has been very depressed and hasn't been herself at all. - Eric West
I love getting my nails done. My mom's best friend is a manicurist. When I was little, she'd do little paintings on my nails, like flowers. - Miranda Cosgrove
We've always loved going to the movies. Our mom and dad are big movie fans. They'd take us on these movie orgys where we'd see sometimes three movies in a day. - Andy Wachowski
I've been drawing my whole life. My mom says my sister and I were drawing by age 1. Animation seems a real, natural extension of drawing as a way of telling a story visually. - Jennifer Yuh Nelson
Anyone who knows me knows my mom, Dorcina, has to sign off on any decision and that she will play a major part in any decision. - Nerlens Noel
My mom introduced me to science-fiction. - Logan Marshall-Green
Then you've got Georgetown, and I really just like everything about them. When I went down there with my mom, it really opened my eyes to what they were all about. I have to factor in what a school like that can do for me, even away from being a basketball player. - Nerlens Noel
I love what I do and I think it shows. As my kids get older, they can see me as a mom who loves working. - Jessica Capshaw
I was fortunate enough to have my kids early, so being a mom always ended up being a better gig than these other parts that came along. So I always justified not really working a lot because I had a family. - Heather Langenkamp
On my mom's side I'm Mexican, and my dad is a white dude. - Tyler Posey
When you have lost people like I lost my birth mom at a young age and you remember the whole process of losing her, you want to grab on to something that makes you whole. - Reese Hoffa
I was born to a single mom and raised by her and my grandparents. - Anthony Foxx
At first I could not believe what I was reading. I got up from my seat and walked away, talking to myself that I may have found my mom. - Reese Hoffa
Our songs touch people, and take them back to a time when there was no threat of terrorism, when you didn't have to lock your doors and when Mom and Dad took care of everything. - George Grove
Whether it's a 16-year old girl, or a mom, or a guy, or anybody, as long as they come up and they're excited to meet me 'cause they've had some sort of relationship with something I've created, it's the coolest thing ever. It never gets old. It's awesome. - Andy Grammer
My mom is in the navy and my dad works for the army, but I never called them 'sir' or 'ma'am' or anything like that, and we never really moved around a lot because both my parents were stationed in D.C. - Ian Harding
When I was young I thought that money was the most important thing in life now that I am old I know that it is. - Oscar Wilde
A little thought and a little kindness are often worth more than a great deal of money. - John Ruskin
Money has never made man happy, nor will it, there is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more of it one has the more one wants. - Benjamin Franklin
The lack of money is the root of all evil. - Mark Twain
Honesty is the best policy - when there is money in it. - Mark Twain
For I can raise no money by vile means. - William Shakespeare
He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money. - Benjamin Franklin
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business. - Henry Ford
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning. - Aristotle Onassis
All I ask is the chance to prove that money can't make me happy. - Spike Milligan
Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver. - Ayn Rand
It's a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money. - Albert Camus
So you think that money is the root of all evil. Have you ever asked what is the root of all money? - Ayn Rand
There are people who have money and people who are rich. - Coco Chanel
Many people take no care of their money till they come nearly to the end of it, and others do just the same with their time. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed. - George Burns
After a certain point, money is meaningless. It ceases to be the goal. The game is what counts. - Aristotle Onassis
I'd like to live as a poor man with lots of money. - Pablo Picasso
It is not the creation of wealth that is wrong, but the love of money for its own sake. - Margaret Thatcher
Money is the barometer of a society's virtue. - Ayn Rand
A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it. - Bob Hope
I have no money, no resources, no hopes. I am the happiest man alive. - Henry Miller
We go to school to learn to work hard for money. I write books and create products that teach people how to have money work hard for them. - Robert Kiyosaki
We've got to put a lot of money into changing behavior. - Bill Gates
A wise man should have money in his head, but not in his heart. - Jonathan Swift
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons. - Woody Allen
I've got all the money I'll ever need, if I die by four o'clock. - Henny Youngman
A woman's best protection is a little money of her own. - Clare Boothe Luce
A good reputation is more valuable than money. - Publilius Syrus
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept. - Samuel Butler
If saving money is wrong, I don't want to be right! - William Shatner
Money is a strange business. People who haven't got it aim it strongly. People who have are full of troubles. - Ayrton Senna
Liking money like I like it, is nothing less than mysticism. Money is a glory. - Salvador Dali
It doesn't matter about money having it, not having it. Or having clothes, or not having them. You're still left alone with yourself in the end. - Billy Idol
A man is usually more careful of his money than of his principles. - Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
Profit is sweet, even if it comes from deception. - Sophocles
Money: power at its most liquid. - Mason Cooley
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars. - J. Paul Getty
Money differs from an automobile or mistress in being equally important to those who have it and those who do not. - John Kenneth Galbraith
It is a waste of money to help those who show no desire to help themselves. - Taylor Caldwell
A billion here, a billion there, and pretty soon you're talking about real money. - Everett Dirksen
All riches have their origin in mind. Wealth is in ideas - not money. - Robert Collier
I've made all my money on my own without my family and I work very hard. - Paris Hilton
Banks have a new image. Now you have 'a friend,' your friendly banker. If the banks are so friendly, how come they chain down the pens? - Alan King
Money's a horrid thing to follow, but a charming thing to meet. - Henry James
A man with money is no match against a man on a mission. - Doyle Brunson
Money is our madness, our vast collective madness. - David Herbert Lawrence
Men make counterfeit money in many more cases, money makes counterfeit men. - Sydney J. Harris
No complaint... is more common than that of a scarcity of money. - Adam Smith
Wealth flows from energy and ideas. - William Feather
I am fiercely loyal to those willing to put their money where my mouth is. - Paul Harvey
Many folks think they aren't good at earning money, when what they don't know is how to use it. - Frank A. Clark
There was a time when a fool and his money were soon parted, but now it happens to everybody. - Adlai E. Stevenson
Money is always there but the pockets change it is not in the same pockets after a change, and that is all there is to say about money. - Gertrude Stein
You have to go broke three times to learn how to make a living. - Casey Stengel
Everyone needs a certain amount of money. Beyond that, we pursue money because we know how to obtain it. We don't necessarily know how to obtain happiness. - Gregg Easterbrook
If I have enough money to eat I'm good. - Shia LaBeouf
The importance of money flows from it being a link between the present and the future. - John Maynard Keynes
If God has allowed me to earn so much money, it is because He knows I give it all away. - Edith Piaf
Anybody who thinks money will make you happy, hasn't got money. - David Geffen
Most men love money and security more, and creation and construction less, as they get older. - John Maynard Keynes
It is more rewarding to watch money change the world than watch it accumulate. - Gloria Steinem
A simple fact that is hard to learn is that the time to save money is when you have some. - Joe Moore
A fool and his money are soon parted. - Thomas Tusser
I am happy to make money. I want to make more money, make more music, eat Big Macs and drink Budweisers. - Kid Rock
Marrying into money was not a good thing for me. - Anna Nicole Smith
I'd rather lose my own money than someone else's. - Dean Kamen
If I can't get the girl, at least give me more money. - Alan Alda
Do what you love and the money will follow. - Marsha Sinetar
All my life I knew that there was all the money you could want out there. All you have to do is go after it. - Curtis Carlson
If the money we donate helps one child or can ease the pain of one parent, those funds are well spent. - Carl Karcher
An important lever for sustained action in tackling poverty and reducing hunger is money. - Gro Harlem Brundtland
It is money, money, money! Not ideas, not principles, but money that reigns supreme in American politics. - Robert Byrd
Isn't it a shame that future generations can't be here to see all the wonderful things we're doing with their money? - Earl Wilson
Ben Franklin may have discovered electricity- but it is the man who invented the meter who made the money. - Earl Warren
It was an honor and privilege to arrive to this country 16 years ago with almost no money in my pocket. A lot has happened since then. - Antonio Banderas
It's all about the money. - Joseph Jackson
What counts is what you do with your money, not where it came from. - Merton Miller
A fool and his money are lucky enough to get together in the first place. - Stanley Weiser
If money was my only motivation, I would organize myself differently. - Placido Domingo
I don't mind that I'm fat. You still get the same money. - Marlon Brando
It's easier to force feed people than it is to give 'em what they want. It makes more money. - Merle Haggard
My goal wasn't to make a ton of money. It was to build good computers. - Steve Wozniak
Civilized countries generally adopt gold or silver or both as money. - Alfred Marshall
Don't judge me. I made a lot of money. - Samantha Bee
If you make a living, if you earn your own money, you're free - however free one can be on this planet. - Theodore White
Money is a mechanism for control. - David Korten
All money means to me is a pride in accomplishment. - Ray Kroc
In suggesting gifts: Money is appropriate, and one size fits all. - William Randolph Hearst
Sudden money is going from zero to two hundred dollars a week. The rest doesn't count. - Neil Simon
I don't think business news is just for old white men with money. - Neil Cavuto
Fame, I have already. Now I need the money. - Wilhelm Steinitz
It is usually people in the money business, finance, and international trade that are really rich. - Robin Leach
I don't spend much money on clothes I never did. - Lauren Hutton
Sooner or later, we sell out for money. - Tony Randall
If American men are obsessed with money, American women are obsessed with weight. The men talk of gain, the women talk of loss, and I do not know which talk is the more boring. - Marya Mannes
I think that focusing on the money, on the business, is not enough. - Sergei Bubka
You know, a lot of people are just interested in, in building a company so they can make money and get out. - Arthur Rock
I think everything depends on money. - Alan Bean
Art for art's sake, money for God's sake. - Simon Raven
Business is other people's money. - Delphine de Girardin
A fool and his money get a lot of publicity. - Al Bernstein
Many good qualities are not sufficient to balance a single want - the want of money. - Johann Georg Zimmermann
It's a terribly hard job to spend a billion dollars and get your money's worth. - George M. Humphrey
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man. - Lana Turner
A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual doom. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money. - Thomas Jefferson
Friends and good manners will carry you where money won't go. - Margaret Walker
The American Republic will endure until the day Congress discovers that it can bribe the public with the public's money. - Alexis de Tocqueville
Let us more and more insist on raising funds of love, of kindness, of understanding, of peace. Money will come if we seek first the Kingdom of God - the rest will be given. - Mother Teresa
Let us not be satisfied with just giving money. Money is not enough, money can be got, but they need your hearts to love them. So, spread your love everywhere you go. - Mother Teresa
I try to give to the poor people for love what the rich could get for money. No, I wouldn't touch a leper for a thousand pounds yet I willingly cure him for the love of God. - Mother Teresa
We have the best government that money can buy. - Mark Twain
I can make more generals, but horses cost money. - Abraham Lincoln
Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1. - Warren Buffett
Money isn't the most important thing in life, but it's reasonably close to oxygen on the 'gotta have it' scale. - Zig Ziglar
Too many people spend money they haven't earned to buy things they don't want to impress people they don't like. - Will Smith
I've never been able to understand why a Republican contributor is a 'fat cat' and a Democratic contributor of the same amount of money is a 'public-spirited philanthropist'. - Ronald Reagan
I can live without money, but I cannot live without love. - Judy Garland
Never spend your money before you have earned it. - Thomas Jefferson
If money help a man to do good to others, it is of some value but if not, it is simply a mass of evil, and the sooner it is got rid of, the better. - Swami Vivekananda
There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else. - Sam Walton
America... just a nation of two hundred million used car salesmen with all the money we need to buy guns and no qualms about killing anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable. - Hunter S. Thompson
Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you're being miserable. - Clare Boothe Luce
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth. - Henry David Thoreau
Money, not morality, is the principle commerce of civilized nations. - Thomas Jefferson
A fool and his money are soon elected. - Will Rogers
I don't want to make money, I just want to be wonderful. - Marilyn Monroe
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do. - Bob Dylan
The rich are always going to say that, you know, just give us more money and we'll go out and spend more and then it will all trickle down to the rest of you. But that has not worked the last 10 years, and I hope the American public is catching on. - Warren Buffett
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it. The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience, and ability. - Henry Ford
My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time. - Steve Jobs
There is only one class in the community that thinks more about money than the rich, and that is the poor. The poor can think of nothing else. - Oscar Wilde
Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys. - P. J. O'Rourke
Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit. - George Carlin
Government always finds a need for whatever money it gets. - Ronald Reagan
I spent three days a week for 10 years educating myself in the public library, and it's better than college. People should educate themselves - you can get a complete education for no money. At the end of 10 years, I had read every book in the library and I'd written a thousand stories. - Ray Bradbury
If you don't have integrity, you have nothing. You can't buy it. You can have all the money in the world, but if you are not a moral and ethical person, you really have nothing. - Henry Kravis
There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money. - Benjamin Franklin
Time is money. - Benjamin Franklin
I think the person who takes a job in order to live - that is to say, for the money - has turned himself into a slave. - Joseph Campbell
Time is more value than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time. - Jim Rohn
Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position. - Christopher Marlowe
Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it. - Henry David Thoreau
A man is usually more careful of his money than he is of his principles. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Money and success don't change people they merely amplify what is already there. - Will Smith
If you would know the value of money, go and try to borrow some. - Benjamin Franklin
It is not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money. It is the customer who pays the wages. - Henry Ford
The TV business is uglier than most things. It is normally perceived as some kind of cruel and shallow money trench through the heart of the journalism industry, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free and good men die like dogs, for no good reason. - Hunter S. Thompson
An actress is not a machine, but they treat you like a machine. A money machine. - Marilyn Monroe
Remember that credit is money. - Benjamin Franklin
Politics has become so expensive that it takes a lot of money even to be defeated. - Will Rogers
The use of money is all the advantage there is in having it. - Benjamin Franklin
Money often costs too much. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Money won't make you happy... but everybody wants to find out for themselves. - Zig Ziglar
In general, the art of government consists of taking as much money as possible from one class of citizens to give to another. - Voltaire
Waste your money and you're only out of money, but waste your time and you've lost a part of your life. - Michael LeBoeuf
In any investment, you expect to have fun and make money. - Michael Jordan
We have an obligation and a responsibility to be investing in our students and our schools. We must make sure that people who have the grades, the desire and the will, but not the money, can still get the best education possible. - Barack Obama
Money won't buy happiness, but it will pay the salaries of a large research staff to study the problem. - Bill Vaughan
Friendship and money: oil and water. - Mario Puzo
Ultimately, if you can say that I'm a bad owner and we're winning championships, I can live with that. But if we're not making the playoffs and we're spending and losing money, then I have to look in the mirror and say maybe I'm not taking the necessary steps to doing what it takes to run an organization. - Michael Jordan
When I chased after money, I never had enough. When I got my life on purpose and focused on giving of myself and everything that arrived into my life, then I was prosperous. - Wayne Dyer
I've always felt toward the slightest scene, even if all I had to do in a scene was just to come in and say, 'Hi,' that the people ought to get their money's worth and that this is an obligation of mine, to give them the best you can get from me. - Marilyn Monroe
When the federal government spends more each year than it collects in tax revenues, it has three choices: It can raise taxes, print money, or borrow money. While these actions may benefit politicians, all three options are bad for average Americans. - Ron Paul
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will. - Nelson Mandela
Run for your life from any man who tells you that money is evil. That sentence is the leper's bell of an approaching looter. - Ayn Rand
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching. - Satchel Paige
God wants us to prosper financially, to have plenty of money, to fulfill the destiny He has laid out for us. - Joel Osteen
I try to treat all the money I'm making like it's the last time I'm going to make it. - Eminem
Money is not required to buy one necessity of the soul. - Henry David Thoreau
Don't matter how much money you got, there's only two kinds of people: there's saved people and there's lost people. - Bob Dylan
Because parents have power over children. They feel they have to do what their parents say. But the love of money is the root of all evil. And this is a sweet child. And to see him turn like this, this isn't him. This is not him. - Michael Jackson
Successful people make money. It's not that people who make money become successful, but that successful people attract money. They bring success to what they do. - Wayne Dyer
Instead of giving money to found colleges to promote learning, why don't they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning anything? If it works as good as the Prohibition one did, why, in five years we would have the smartest race of people on earth. - Will Rogers
Good nature is worth more than knowledge, more than money, more than honor, to the persons who possess it. - Henry Ward Beecher
To have done anything just for money is to have been truly idle. - Henry David Thoreau
It's hard to tell with these Internet startups if they're really interested in building companies or if they're just interested in the money. I can tell you, though: If they don't really want to build a company, they won't luck into it. That's because it's so hard that if you don't have a passion, you'll give up. - Steve Jobs
Of the billionaires I have known, money just brings out the basic traits in them. If they were jerks before they had money, they are simply jerks with a billion dollars. - Warren Buffett
Lack of money is the root of all evil. - George Bernard Shaw
Modern poets talk against business, poor things, but all of us write for money. Beginners are subjected to trial by market. - Robert Frost
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. - Andy Warhol
It is a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money. - Albert Camus
When a man says money can do anything, that settles it: he hasn't got any. - George Bernard Shaw
We are the only real aristocracy in the world: the aristocracy of money. - George Bernard Shaw
Don't bring your need to the marketplace, bring your skill. If you don't feel well, tell your doctor, but not the marketplace. If you need money, go to the bank, but not the marketplace. - Jim Rohn
If I win and get the money, then the Oakland Police department is going to buy a boys' home, me a house, my family a house, and a Stop Police Brutality Center. - Tupac Shakur
I never attempt to make money on the stock market. I buy on the assumption that they could close the market the next day and not reopen it for five years. - Warren Buffett
To give real service you must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money, and that is sincerity and integrity. - Douglas Adams
Money is usually attracted, not pursued. - Jim Rohn
I actually thought that it would be a little confusing during the same period of your life to be in one meeting when you're trying to make money, and then go to another meeting where you're giving it away. I mean is it gonna erode your ability, you know, to make money? Are you gonna somehow get confused about what you're trying to do? - Bill Gates
Innovation has nothing to do with how many R amp& D dollars you have. When Apple came up with the Mac, IBM was spending at least 100 times more on R &amp D. It's not about money. It's about the people you have, how you're led, and how much you get it. - Steve Jobs
Pretty much, Apple and Dell are the only ones in this industry making money. They make it by being Wal-Mart. We make it by innovation. - Steve Jobs
This will never be a civilized country until we spend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. - Elbert Hubbard
You know, my main reaction to this money thing is that it's humorous, all the attention to it, because it's hardly the most insightful or valuable thing that's happened to me. - Steve Jobs
What is a normal childhood? We weren't rich, we were pretty middle-class. My dad survived from job to job with him taking care of so many relatives, he couldn't save any money. - Charlie Sheen
We need earmark reform, and when I'm President, I will go line by line to make sure that we are not spending money unwisely. - Barack Obama
My restaurants are never opened on Thanksgiving I want my staff to spend time with their family if they can. My feeling is, if I can't figure out how to make money the rest of the year so that my workers can enjoy the holidays, then I don't deserve to be an owner. - Michael Symon
We have the right as individuals to give away as much of our own money as we please in charity but as members of Congress we have no right to appropriate a dollar of the public money. - Davy Crockett
I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money. - Bob Hope
Maturity: Be able to stick with a job until it is finished. Be able to bear an injustice without having to get even. Be able to carry money without spending it. Do your duty without being supervised. - Ann Landers
Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don't have for something they don't need. - Will Rogers
Money doesn't talk, it swears. - Bob Dylan
With our technology, with objects, literally three people in a garage can blow away what 200 people at Microsoft can do. Literally can blow it away. Corporate America has a need that is so huge and can save them so much money, or make them so much money, or cost them so much money if they miss it, that they are going to fuel the object revolution. - Steve Jobs
A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money. - W. C. Fields
This film cost $31 million. With that kind of money I could have invaded some country. - Clint Eastwood
You use your money to buy privacy because during most of your life you aren't allowed to be normal. - Johnny Depp
If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep. - Will Rogers
The reason we have poverty is that we have no imagination. There are a great many people accumulating what they think is vast wealth, but it's only money... they don't know how to enjoy it, because they have no imagination. - Alan Watts
No one in this world has ever lost money by underestimating the intelligence of the great masses of the plain people. Nor has anyone ever lost public office thereby. - H. L. Mencken
The circulation of confidence is better than the circulation of money. - James Madison
I spent my whole life in the private sector, 25 years in the private sector. I understand that when government takes more money out of the hands of people, it makes it more difficult for them to buy things. If they can't buy things, the economy doesn't grow. If the economy doesn't grow, we don't put Americans to work. - Mitt Romney
Disneyland is a work of love. We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money. - Walt Disney
Let advertisers spend the same amount of money improving their product that they do on advertising and they wouldn't have to advertise it. - Will Rogers
The highest use of capital is not to make more money, but to make money do more for the betterment of life. - Henry Ford
Money without brains is always dangerous. - Napoleon Hill
Of course, to have money is just great because you can do what you think is important to you. I always was a rich person because money's not related to happiness. - Paulo Coelho
Business, that's easily defined - it's other people's money. - Peter Drucker
No one would remember the Good Samaritan if he'd only had good intentions he had money as well. - Margaret Thatcher
I'm sick of giving creeps money off my soul. - Bob Dylan
Attitude is more important than the past, than education, than money, than circumstances, than what people do or say. It is more important than appearance, giftedness, or skill. - Charles R. Swindoll
Time and money spent in helping men to do more for themselves is far better than mere giving. - Henry Ford
Money is not the only answer, but it makes a difference. - Barack Obama
I'd say it's been my biggest problem all my life... it's money. It takes a lot of money to make these dreams come true. - Walt Disney
Prospering just doesn't have to do with money. - Joel Osteen
I mean, I do think at a certain point you've made enough money. - Barack Obama
If advertisers spent the same amount of money on improving their products as they do on advertising then they wouldn't have to advertise them. - Will Rogers
The Internet didn't get invented on its own. Government research created the Internet so that all the companies could make money off the Internet. The point is, is that when we succeed, we succeed because of our individual initiative, but also because we do things together. - Barack Obama
Money and women are the most sought after and the least known about of any two things we have. - Will Rogers
I think it's too bad that everybody's decided to turn on drugs, I don't think drugs are the problem. Crime is the problem. Cops are the problem. Money's the problem. But drugs are just drugs. - Jerry Garcia
Speculation is only a word covering the making of money out of the manipulation of prices, instead of supplying goods and services. - Henry Ford
President Obama's view of a free economy is to send your money to his friends. My vision for a free enterprise economy is to return entrepreneurship and genius and creativity to the American people! - Mitt Romney
You reach a point where you don't work for money. - Walt Disney
Money doesn't make you happy. I now have $50 million but I was just as happy when I had $48 million. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
A system of capitalism presumes sound money, not fiat money manipulated by a central bank. Capitalism cherishes voluntary contracts and interest rates that are determined by savings, not credit creation by a central bank. - Ron Paul
Money demands that you sell, not your weakness to men's stupidity, but your talent to their reason. - Ayn Rand
When it is a question of money, everybody is of the same religion. - Voltaire
Money is like an arm or leg - use it or lose it. - Henry Ford
I know that campaigns can seem small, and even silly. Trivial things become big distractions. Serious issues become sound bites. And the truth gets buried under an avalanche of money and advertising. If you're sick of hearing me approve this message, believe me - so am I. - Barack Obama
You can choose a future where more Americans have the chance to gain the skills they need to compete, no matter how old they are or how much money they have. Education was the gateway to opportunity for me. It was the gateway for Michelle. And now more than ever, it is the gateway to a middle-class life. - Barack Obama
I've never preached one sermon on money, on just finances. I want to stay away from it. - Joel Osteen
In liberal logic, if life is unfair then the answer is to turn more tax money over to politicians, to spend in ways that will increase their chances of getting reelected. - Thomas Sowell
I don't believe we are supposed to go through life defeated and not having enough money to pay our bills or send our kids to college. - Joel Osteen
Money cannot buy peace of mind. It cannot heal ruptured relationships, or build meaning into a life that has none. - Richard M. DeVos
There are necessary evils. Money is an important thing in terms of representing freedom in our world. And now I have a daughter to think about. It's really the first time I've thought about the future and what it could be. - Johnny Depp
I don't mind saying, you know, that I don't take a salary from the church, and God has blessed me with more money than I could imagine from my books. - Joel Osteen
You may never get to that perfect world that you're waiting for where everything's going to be perfect and you got that much money and your house paid off. - Joel Osteen
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, wear Reebok. - Shaquille O'Neal
Now workers should have the right to join unions. But unions should not be forced upon workers. And unions should not have the power to take money our of their members' paychecks to buy the support of politicians that are favored by the union bosses. - Mitt Romney
Talk is by far the most accessible of pleasures. It costs nothing in money, it is all profit, it completes our education, founds and fosters our friendships, and can be enjoyed at any age and in almost any state of health. - Robert Louis Stevenson
If a person gets his attitude toward money straight, it will help straighten out almost every other area in his life. - Billy Graham
I don't blame the players today for the money. I blame the owners. They started it. They wanna give it to 'em? More power to 'em. - Yogi Berra
It's morally wrong to allow a sucker to keep his money. - W. C. Fields
It's amazing how people will give when you don't ask. Many of them send money because they believe in the message. - Joel Osteen
Money and corruption are ruining the land, crooked politicians betray the working man, pocketing the profits and treating us like sheep, and we're tired of hearing promises that we know they'll never keep. - Ray Davies
One does not need buildings, money, power, or status to practice the Art of Peace. Heaven is right where you are standing, and that is the place to train. - Morihei Ueshiba
The price we have to pay for money is sometimes liberty. - Robert Louis Stevenson
We can be thankful to a friend for a few acres, or a little money and yet for the freedom and command of the whole earth, and for the great benefits of our being, our life, health, and reason, we look upon ourselves as under no obligation. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. - Andy Warhol
The chief value of money lies in the fact that one lives in a world in which it is overestimated. - H. L. Mencken
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. - Donald Trump
I've seen the ticket, and I still can't believe it. When I see the money, I hope I don't hit the floor. - Judy Garland
What have I got? No looks, no money, no education. Just talent. - Sammy Davis, Jr.
Money is human happiness in the abstract he, then, who is no longer capable of enjoying human happiness in the concrete devotes himself utterly to money. - Arthur Schopenhauer
If our soldiers are not overburdened with money, it is not because they have a distaste for riches if their lives are not unduly long, it is not because they are disinclined to longevity. - Sun Tzu
I went to the bank and asked to borrow a cup of money. They said, 'What for?' I said, 'I'm going to buy some sugar.' - Steven Wright
As one digs deeper into the national character of the Americans, one sees that they have sought the value of everything in this world only in the answer to this single question: how much money will it bring in? - Alexis de Tocqueville
I can inspire people on how to use money, how to get economically powerful. - Mike Tyson
A real gentleman, even if he loses everything he owns, must show no emotion. Money must be so far beneath a gentleman that it is hardly worth troubling about. - Fyodor Dostoevsky
I don't think the money people in Hollywood have ever thought I was normal, but I am dedicated to my work and that's what counts. - Angelina Jolie
If all the rich and all of the church people should send their children to the public schools they would feel bound to concentrate their money on improving these schools until they met the highest ideals. - Susan B. Anthony
Well private money can take risks in a way that government money often isn't willing to. - Bill Gates
I did my time for the rape. I paid my money to Las Vegas. I paid my dues. - Mike Tyson
I know why they don't like me because they want the money I have. - Mike Tyson
Our money is bait money, and bait money is not to be used. - Mike Tyson
There was one thing my daddy wouldn't tolerate in any shape, form or fashion, and that was being unkind or rude to somebody. That was just very important to my folks. And as it turns out, that was a legacy that he left me that money can't buy, is how to be able to treat people. - Paula Deen
Motherhood is a great honor and privilege, yet it is also synonymous with servanthood. Every day women are called upon to selflessly meet the needs of their families. Whether they are awake at night nursing a baby, spending their time and money on less-than-grateful teenagers, or preparing meals, moms continuously put others before themselves. - Charles Stanley
Labour was the first price, the original purchase - money that was paid for all things. It was not by gold or by silver, but by labour, that all wealth of the world was originally purchased. - Adam Smith
Gambling with cards or dice or stocks is all one thing. It's getting money without giving an equivalent for it. - Henry Ward Beecher
One might think that the money value of an invention constitutes its reward to the man who loves his work. But... I continue to find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success. - Thomas A. Edison
I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it. If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it. It's the truth. - Charlie Chaplin
The writer must earn money in order to be able to live and to write, but he must by no means live and write for the purpose of making money. - Karl Marx
Why is there so much month left at the end of the money? - John Barrymore
I'd have stopped writing years ago if it were for the money. - Paulo Coelho
There is no class so pitiably wretched as that which possesses money and nothing else. - Andrew Carnegie
You are your greatest asset. Put your time, effort and money into training, grooming, and encouraging your greatest asset. - Tom Hopkins
The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other peoples' money. - Margaret Thatcher
Capital is money, capital is commodities. By virtue of it being value, it has acquired the occult ability to add value to itself. It brings forth living offspring, or, at the least, lays golden eggs. - Karl Marx
I think one of the most pervasive evils in this world is greed and acquiring money for money's sake. Once you have six houses and a plane, it's just about a number. It's never been anything I understood. - Kevin Bacon
Money can buy you a fine dog, but only love can make him wag his tail. - Kinky Friedman
Now, people when I say that look at me and say, 'What are you talking about, Joe? You're telling me we have to go spend money to keep from going bankrupt?'. The answer is yes, that's what I'm telling you. - Joe Biden
It is a fact that around the world the elites of every country are making money. - Hillary Clinton
Economy does not lie in sparing money, but in spending it wisely. - Thomas Huxley
When I graduated from high school, it was during the Depression and we had no money. - Ray Bradbury
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less. - Brendan Behan
There's so little money in my bank account, my scenic checks show a ghetto. - Phyllis Diller
I spent a lot of money on booze, birds and fast cars. The rest I just squandered. - George Best
There is a gigantic difference between earning a great deal of money and being rich. - Marlene Dietrich
America believes in education: the average professor earns more money in a year than a professional athlete earns in a whole week. - Evan Esar
A woman must have money and a room of her own if she is to write fiction. - Virginia Woolf
If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom, and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money that it values more, it will lose that too. - W. Somerset Maugham
You don't appreciate a lot of stuff in school until you get older. Little things like being spanked every day by a middle-aged woman: Stuff you pay good money for in later life. - Emo Philips
I have a problem with too much money. I can't reinvest it fast enough, and because I reinvest it, more money comes in. Yes, the rich do get richer. - Robert Kiyosaki
Flattery is a kind of bad money, to which our vanity gives us currency. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
I do not suppose I shall be remembered for anything. But I don't think about my work in those terms. It is just as vulgar to work for the sake of posterity as to work for the sake of money. - Orson Welles
People who identify themselves as conservatives donate money to charity more often than people who identify themselves as liberals. They donate more money and a higher percentage of their incomes. - Thomas Sowell
We can't go to people who have lost their job at GM and say, 'Oh, by the way, we are going to pay money to build a road here or inoculate children there,' unless we can demonstrate that it is in America's interest. I happen to think it is. - Hillary Clinton
You know, people make a lot of money talking about me, don't they? - Hillary Clinton
The sinews of war are infinite money. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
Money is like manure, of very little use except it be spread. - Francis Bacon
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money. - Johnny Cash
I have ways of making money that you know nothing of. - John D. Rockefeller
Because people have no thoughts to deal in, they deal cards, and try and win one another's money. Idiots! - Arthur Schopenhauer
Getting money is not all a man's business: to cultivate kindness is a valuable part of the business of life. - Samuel Johnson
Property may be destroyed and money may lose its purchasing power but, character, health, knowledge and good judgement will always be in demand under all conditions. - Roger Babson
Love him or hate him, Trump is a man who is certain about what he wants and sets out to get it, no holds barred. Women find his power almost as much of a turn-on as his money. - Donald Trump
Criminals are never very amusing. It's because they're failures. Those who make real money aren't counted as criminals. This is a class distinction, not an ethical problem. - Orson Welles
The passion for money is never fickle. - Mason Cooley
To understand someone, find out how he spends his money. - Mason Cooley
Poverty is multidimensional. It extends beyond money incomes to education, health care, political participation and advancement of one's own culture and social organisation. - Atal Bihari Vajpayee
If you can actually count your money, then you're not a rich man. - J. Paul Getty
What we really want to do is what we are really meant to do. When we do what we are meant to do, money comes to us, doors open for us, we feel useful, and the work we do feels like play to us. - Julia Cameron
I'm proud to pay taxes in the United States the only thing is, I could be just as proud for half the money. - Arthur Godfrey
Those whose life is long still strive for gain, and for all mortals all things take second place to money. - Sophocles
I don't talk about money. - Kim Kardashian
I've always thought anyone can make money. Making a life worth living, that's the real test. - Robert Fulghum
It's very important that every movie I do makes money because I want the people that had the faith in me to get their money back. - Quentin Tarantino
We need transparency in government spending. We need to put each government expenditure online so every Floridian can see where their tax money is being spent. - Marco Rubio
Time is like money, the less we have of it to spare the further we make it go. - Josh Billings
I've had an exciting time I married for love and got a little money along with it. - Rose Kennedy
George wrote Taxman, and I played guitar on it. He wrote it in anger at finding out what the taxman did. He had never known before then what could happen to your money. - Paul McCartney
All money is a matter of belief. - Adam Smith
I'm looking for backing for an unauthorized auto-biography that I am writing. Hopefully, this will sell in such huge numbers that I will be able to sue myself for an extraordinary amount of money and finance the film version in which I will play everybody. - David Bowie
A man who cannot be enticed by money or intimidated by the threat of jail or death has two of the strongest weapons that anyone has to offer. - Jesse Jackson
Taxation is just a sophisticated way of demanding money with menaces. - Terry Pratchett
A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart. - Jonathan Swift
If you are worried about job security and do not have an adequate emergency fund (ideally eight months' worth of living expenses stashed away in a federally insured bank or credit union), you need to focus more on saving money than paying down the balance on your credit cards. - Suze Orman
No, not rich. I am a poor man with money, which is not the same thing. - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
What's the use of happiness? It can't buy you money. - Henny Youngman
If one man in the country could take all the money, what was the use of passing any bills about it? - Davy Crockett
You lose your individuality a huge amount when you have no money, and I certainly had that experience. - J. K. Rowling
I know of nothing more despicable and pathetic than a man who devotes all the hours of the waking day to the making of money for money's sake. - John D. Rockefeller
Neither soldiers nor money can defend a king but only friends won by good deeds, merit, and honesty. - Sallust
As long as you have a system that is based on the rational that if you are making money you are thereby making a contribution to society, these financial rogue practices will continue. - David Korten
A majority, perhaps as many as 75 percent, of abortion clinics are in areas with high minority populations. Abortion apologists will say this is because they want to serve the poor. You don't serve the poor, however, by taking their money to terminate their children. - Alveda King
If we think we have ours and don't owe any time or money or effort to help those left behind, then we are a part of the problem rather than the solution to the fraying social fabric that threatens all Americans. - Marian Wright Edelman
Knowledge is like money: the more he gets, the more he craves. - Josh Billings
I haven't got as much money as some folks, but I've got as much impudence as any of them, and that's the next thing to money. - Josh Billings
It ain't often that a man's reputation outlasts his money. - Josh Billings
Money will buy a pretty good dog, but it won't buy the wag of his tail. - Josh Billings
Don't cling to fame. You're just borrowing it. It's like money. You're going to die, and somebody else is going to get it. - Sonny Bono
You shouldn't have to have money to have a luxury fragrance. - Lady Gaga
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his. - Bobby Darin
What money is better bestowed than that of a schoolboy's tip? How the kindness is recalled by the recipient in after days! It blesses him that gives and him that takes. - William Makepeace Thackeray
Capitalism is using its money we socialists throw it away. - Fidel Castro
Remember that government doesn't earn one single dollar it spends. In order for you to get money from the government, that money must first be taken from somebody else. - Jesse Ventura
Opposites may attract, but I wouldn't put my money on a relationship of financial opposites. - Suze Orman
I can't afford to die I'd lose too much money. - George Burns
You can be young without money but you can't be old without it. - Tennessee Williams
American men, as a group, seem to be interested in only two things, money and breasts. It seems a very narrow outlook. - Hedy Lamarr
I'm fulfilled in what I do. I never thought that a lot of money or fine clothes - the finer things of life - would make you happy. My concept of happiness is to be filled in a spiritual sense. - Coretta Scott King
It is a sad fact about our culture that a poet can earn much more money writing or talking about his art than he can by practicing it. - W. H. Auden
I've always said money may buy you a fine dog, but only love can make it wag its tail. - Kinky Friedman
A man must love a thing very much if he not only practices it without any hope of fame and money, but even... without any hope of doing it well. - Oliver Herford
A moderate addiction to money may not always be hurtful but when taken in excess it is nearly always bad for the health. - Clarence Day
Here's how I think of my money - as soldiers - I send them out to war everyday. I want them to take prisoners and come home, so there's more of them. - Kevin O'Leary
I know why most people never get rich. They put the money ahead of the job. If you just think of the job, the money will automatically follow. This never fails. - Hedy Lamarr
Well, the chairman of Federal Reserve just made his move to rescue Barack Obama. We're gonna have QE3. We're gonna print some more money. - Rush Limbaugh
Why are people unemployed? Because there is no work. Why is there no work? Because people are not buying products and services. Why are people not buying products and services? Because they have no money. Why do people have no money? Because they are unemployed. - Craig Bruce
I don't want to make money I want to make a difference. - Lady Gaga
Look, we know we screwed up when we were in the majority. We fell in love with power. We spent way too much money - especially on earmarks. There was too much corruption when we ran this place. We were guilty. And that's why we lost. - Eric Cantor
To keep the record straight, it wasn't always John and Yoko. We've all accused one another of various business things we tend to be pretty paranoid by now, as you can imagine. There's a lot of money involved. - Paul McCartney
People will always choose more money over more sex. - Doug Coupland
Almost the only persons who may be said to comprehend even approximately the significance, principles, and purposes of Socialism are the chief leaders of the extreme wings of the Socialistic forces, and perhaps a few of the money kings themselves. - Benjamin Tucker
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust. - Oliver Wendell Holmes
If you don't want my God here, you don't want me here either. God has been too good to me to go and try to sell out to get some money. - Tyler Perry
As they say around the Texas Legislature, if you can't drink their whiskey, screw their women, take their money, and vote against 'em anyway, you don't belong in office. - Molly Ivins
Nowadays nothing but money counts: a fortune brings honors, friendships the poor man everywhere lies low. - Ovid
Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells. - J. Paul Getty
I'm not really religious but very spiritual. I give money to this company that manufactures hearing aids on a regular basis. More people should really hear me sing. I have a gift from God. - Christina Aguilera
Anyone who wants to sell you overnight success or wealth is not interested in your success they are interested in your money. - Bo Bennett
Look, I'm very much in favor of tax cuts, but not with borrowed money. And the problem that we've gotten into in recent years is spending programs with borrowed money, tax cuts with borrowed money, and at the end of the day that proves disastrous. And my view is I don't think we can play subtle policy here. - Alan Greenspan
Until we totally change the way we elect our leaders, until we remove private money from public campaigns, lying will be the de facto method of governance in this country. - Peter Schuyler
But there are too many people that make so much money at the cost of lives of other humans and for no reason but to make the money. - Lily Tomlin
Thinking in its lower grades, is comparable to paper money, and in its higher forms it is a kind of poetry. - Havelock Ellis
Unfaithfulness in the keeping of an appointment is an act of clear dishonesty. You may as well borrow a person's money as his time. - Horace Mann
There's no money in poetry, but then there's no poetry in money, either. - Robert Graves
When I was waiting tables, washing dishes, or mowing lawns for money, I never thought of myself as stuck in some station in life. I was on my own path, my own journey, an American journey where I could think for myself, decide for myself, define happiness for myself. - Paul Ryan
I decided to pursue music, so I dropped out of school and I told my parents I didn't want any money from them. I got three jobs and I just hit the ground running. - Lady Gaga
A lot of people in the media, and some everyday people, really aren't in search of the truth. They're in search of something worse than that. Money, yeah. I think the media's the kind of a thing where the truth doesn't win, because it's no fun. The truth's no fun. - Jack White
If someone decides to be a musician now, it means because there is no hope of money at the end of it, it means they really want to be a musician. And if someone is writing now, there is no hope for money at the end of it. - Doug Coupland
I think money is due for some sort of collapse. People are going to realize that money has a half-life, like radioactive elements. - Doug Coupland
I am not a pig farmer. The pigs had a great time, but I didn't make any money. - Willie Nelson
Clearly this is a tough economic time, and a lot of families are hurting. So when we talk to parents, we talk about small changes for kids and things that don't cost extra money. Like adding water and eliminating sugary drinks and sodas. That's going to save money right there. Or adding a few more vegetables. - Michelle Obama
The idea that a congressman would be tainted by accepting money from private industry or private sources is essentially a socialist argument. - Newt Gingrich
If time is money, it seems moral to save time, above all one's own, and such parsimony is excused by consideration for others. One is straight-forward. - Theodor Adorno
Congress, the press, and the bureaucracy too often focus on how much money or effort is spent, rather than whether the money or effort actually achieves the announced goal. - Donald Rumsfeld
Presidential leadership needn't always cost money. Look for low- and no-cost options. They can be surprisingly effective. - Donald Rumsfeld
All I wanted to do was write - at the time, poems, and prose, too. I guess my ambition was simply to make money however I could to keep myself going in some modest way, and I didn't need much, I was unmarried at the time, no children. - Paul Auster
We at Chrysler borrow money the old-fashioned way. We pay it back. - Lee Iacocca
No man's credit is as good as his money. - John Dewey
Victory is everything. You can spend the money but you can never spend the memories. - Ken Venturi
Of course, I do everything for money. - Christopher Hitchens
It was Public Art, defined as art that is purchased by experts who are not spending their own personal money. - Dave Barry
Money is the seed of money, and the first guinea is sometimes more difficult to acquire than the second million. - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
We do not have a money problem in America. We have a values and priorities problem. - Marian Wright Edelman
What I've learned is that you really don't need to be a celebrity or have money or have the paparazzi following you around to be famous. - Lady Gaga
Some artists are working to buy the mansion or whatever the element of fame must bear, but I spend all my money on my show. - Lady Gaga
I don't care about money. - Lady Gaga
The forties, seventies, and the nineties, when money was scarce, were great periods, when the art world retracted but it was also reborn. - Jerry Saltz
Money is something that can be measured art is not. It's all subjective. - Jerry Saltz
Art usually only makes the news in America when the subject is money. - Jerry Saltz
Not to say people shouldn't get rich from art. I adore the alchemy wherein artists who cast a complex spell make rich people give them their money. (Just writing it makes me cackle.) But too many artists have been making money without magic. - Jerry Saltz
One argument goes that recessions are good for female artists because when money flies out the window, women are allowed in the house. The other claims that when money ebbs, so do prospects for women. - Jerry Saltz
In the seventies, a group of American artists seized the means not of production but of reproduction. They tore apart visual culture at a time of no money, no market, and no one paying attention except other artists. Vietnam and Watergate had happened everything in America was being questioned. - Jerry Saltz
The last time money left the art world, intrepid types maxed out their credit cards and opened galleries, and a few of them have become the best in the world. - Jerry Saltz
Much good art got made while money ruled I like a lot of it, and hardship and poverty aren't virtues. The good news is that, since almost no one will be selling art, artists - especially emerging ones - won't have to think about turning out a consistent style or creating a brand. They'll be able to experiment as much as they want. - Jerry Saltz
When money and hype recede from the art world, one thing I won't miss will be what curator Francesco Bonami calls the 'Eventocracy.' All this flashy 'art-fair art' and those highly produced space-eating spectacles and installations wow you for a minute until you move on to the next adrenaline event. - Jerry Saltz
'Untitled' is a time machine that can transport you to 1992, an edgy moment when the art world was crumbling, money was scarce, and artists like Tiravanija were in the nascent stages of combining Happenings, performance art, John Cage, Joseph Beuys, and the do-it-yourself ethos of punk. Meanwhile, a new art world was coming into being. - Jerry Saltz
Now people look at 'The Scream' or Van Gogh's 'Irises' or a Picasso and see its new content: money. Auction houses inherently equate capital with value. - Jerry Saltz
Art is for anyone. It just isn't for everyone. Still, over the past decade, its audience has hugely grown, and that's irked those outside the art world, who get irritated at things like incomprehensibility or money. - Jerry Saltz
I love art dealers. In some ways, they're my favorite people in the art world. Really. I love that they put their money where their taste is, create their own aesthetic universes, support artists, employ people, and do all of this while letting us see art for free. Many are visionaries. - Jerry Saltz
When museums are built these days, architects, directors, and trustees seem most concerned about social space: places to have parties, eat dinner, wine-and-dine donors. Sure, these are important these days - museums have to bring in money - but they gobble up space and push the art itself far away from the entrance. - Jerry Saltz
The people of this country, not special interest big money, should be the source of all political power. - Paul Wellstone
Many people are in the dark when it comes to money, and I'm going to turn on the lights. - Suze Orman
Take free money. No matter how in debt you are, if your employer offers a matching contribution on a 401(k) or other retirement vehicle, you must sign up and contribute enough to get the maximum company match each year. Think of it as a bonus. - Suze Orman
Growing up in a particular neighborhood, growing up in a working-class family, not having much money, all of those things fire you and can give you an edge, can give you an anger. - Gary Oldman
I think it would be cool if you were writing a ransom note on your computer, if the paper clip popped up and said, 'Looks like you're writing a ransom note. Need help? You should use more forceful language, you'll get more money.' - Demetri Martin
My Vegas act is how I make my money. - Rita Rudner
No woman marries for money they are all clever enough, before marrying a millionaire, to fall in love with him first. - Cesare Pavese
But all the money in the world cannot make you happy either, so there has to be a balance. - Heidi Klum
Making a movie requires 20 to 500 people to make and a lot of money and the stakes are a lot higher. - Alanis Morissette
Music has always been my back door to life. It is important for people to find something that excites them. I like the concept that if you do what excites you, you will be rewarded generously, whatever form reward takes, which is not necessarily money. - Brandon Boyd
I definitely spend the most money on shoes, partly because vintage footwear can be a little funky - in a bad way. I like to keep things pretty simple up top and then go weird with the shoes. - Chloe Sevigny
If there is no hell, a good many preachers are obtaining money under false pretenses. - Billy Sunday
Money is neither my god nor my devil. It is a form of energy that tends to make us more of who we already are, whether it's greedy or loving. - Dan Millman
In a very weak economy, when you say 'cut government spending,' what you mean is you're laying off school teachers and you're de-funding various programs that put money into the economy. This means you have more unemployed people that then draw unemployment benefits and don't pay taxes. - Fareed Zakaria
We need to reclaim our American system of limited government, low taxes, reasonable regulations, and sound money, which has blessed us with unprecedented prosperity. And it has done more to help the poor than any other economic system ever designed. - Paul Ryan
That's the real secret to job creation - not borrowing and spending more money in Washington. - Paul Ryan
We need to stop spending money we don't have. - Paul Ryan
What did the taxpayers get out of the Obama stimulus? More debt. That money wasn't just spent and wasted - it was borrowed, spent, and wasted. - Paul Ryan
A runner must run with dreams in his heart, not money in his pocket. - Emil Zatopek
I'm free of stress and worries now because if I don't like something I'm doing, I just find the fun in it instead of being miserable. Let me have fun with the people I work with, let me have fun making money - when I grew up so poor, ya know? - Jenny McCarthy
This is our commitment to users and the people who use our service, is that Facebook's a free service. It's free now. It will always be free. We make money through having advertisements and things like that. - Mark Zuckerberg
Is it not odd that the only generous person I ever knew, who had money to be generous with, should be a stockbroker. - Percy Bysshe Shelley
A development deal is where they're giving you recording time and money to record, but not promising that they'll put an album out. - Taylor Swift
I'm tired of love I'm still more tired of rhyme but money gives me pleasure all the time. - Hilaire Belloc
Money is the root of all evil, and yet it is such a useful root that we cannot get on without it any more than we can without potatoes. - Louisa May Alcott
Wal-Mart doesn't really care about your faith. Wal-Mart cares if you have money to spend, and it is going to be as generic as possible in exploiting the holiday season for every buck it can make. - Richard Roeper
Nowadays love is a matter of chance, matrimony a matter of money and divorce a matter of course. - Helen Rowland
Life is a game. Money is how we keep score. - Ted Turner
Jon Stewart is exactly the same guy he's always been, only with money. He knows that the moment he really believes he's important, the funny goes away and he becomes Bill O'Reilly, except shorter and Jewish. - Denis Leary
And of course I didn't make any money from stand up for years, so I had temp jobs. That was the way I made money. - Demetri Martin
They still have some money, and they have needs to supply. They must begin immediately to pool their earnings and organize industries to participate in supplying social and economic demands. - Carter G. Woodson
There are two kinds of power you have to fight. The first is the money, and that's just our system. The other is the people close around you, knowing when to accept their criticism, knowing when to say no. - Martin Scorsese
Work isn't to make money you work to justify life. - Marc Chagall
If we pollute the air, water and soil that keep us alive and well, and destroy the biodiversity that allows natural systems to function, no amount of money will save us. - David Suzuki
I pity the French Cinema because it has no money. I pity the American Cinema because it has no ideas. - Jean-Luc Godard
If you got the money honey I got the time and when you run out of money honey I run out of time. - Willie Nelson
When you hire that first person, then you're a boss. You've got performance reviews. You've got complaints about not making enough money. You've got people who are just going to sell your story to the tabloids. - Scott Adams
The only security men can have for their political liberty, consists in keeping their money in their own pockets. - Lysander Spooner
It can be liberating to get fired because you realize the world doesn't end. There's other ways to make money, better jobs. - Ron Livingston
Money couldn't buy friends, but you got a better class of enemy. - Spike Milligan
I don't really care about money. I find money boring and accounting boring, so I'm probably not going to ever make a lot of money. - Juliana Hatfield
The music business is motivated by money. Music is motivated by energy and feelings. - Erykah Badu
The flood of money that gushes into politics today is a pollution of democracy. - Theodore White
Spare no expense to save money on this one. - Samuel Goldwyn
Here I am paying big money to you writers and what for? All you do is change the words. - Samuel Goldwyn
The key to making money is to stay invested. - Suze Orman
A fool and her money are soon courted. - Helen Rowland
France is a place where the money falls apart in your hands but you can't tear the toilet paper. - Billy Wilder
Great dad. Yeah, he would ask me for money on birthdays and, you know, inappropriate times. And I just wrote him off like, 'You're not a father.' I just learned you cannot emotionally invest in people who are not attainable. - Drew Barrymore
Divorce is one of the most financially traumatic things you can go through. Money spent on getting mad or getting even is money wasted. - Richard Wagner
And, we have no such thing as a budget anymore. Our manager freaks when we show him the bill. We're lavish to the bone, but all our money goes back into the product. - Freddie Mercury
Labor was the first price, the original purchase - money that was paid for all things. - Adam Smith
My other family is Fleetwood Mac. I don't need the money, but there's an emotional need for me to go on the road again. There's a love there we're a band of brothers. - Stevie Nicks
Countries have lost their culture because what they wanted was money. Money became the running theme in every country and culture was sacrificed. - Yoko Ono
My generation will actually be the first generation that is tamer than the one that came before it, and it will probably be poorer less fun and less money. - Shia LaBeouf
Money and fame made me believe I was entitled. I was wrong and foolish. - Tiger Woods
I felt that I had worked hard my entire life and deserved to enjoy all the temptations around me. I felt I was entitled, and thanks to money and fame, I didn't have to go far to find them. - Tiger Woods
One thing that people keep on saying to me is that the wealth and the fame must have made up for missing out on my childhood. But the idea of money - putting a price on your childhood - is ridiculous. You will never get those years back and you can't put a price on them. - Tom Felton
I bought a lot of rubbish things that kids buy: skateboards and clothes and typical teenage stuff. And, as soon as I could, I wasted a lot of money on cars - BMW's mostly - for myself and my family. - Tom Felton
We are going as fast as we can as soon as we can. We're in a race against time, until we run out of money. - Jack Nicholson
The only point in making money is, you can tell some big shot where to go. - Humphrey Bogart
I am a liberated woman. And I do believe if a woman does equal work she should be paid equal money. But personally I am feminine and I do like male authority to lean on. - Julie Andrews
I never left France for Hollywood nor stashed my money in Switzerland. - Brigitte Bardot
As I have said for many years throughout this land, we're borrowing money from China to buy oil from the Persian Gulf to burn it in ways that destroy the future of human civilization. Every bit of that has to change. - Al Gore
I had more clothes than I had closets, more cars than garage space, but no money. - Sammy Davis, Jr.
Money is such an amazing teacher: What you choose to do with your money shows whether you are truly powerful or powerless. - Suze Orman
Having money is rather like being a blond. It is more fun but not vital. - Mary Quant
People assume I'm out there having this great life, but money doesn't erase the pain. When you're young you barrel through life, making choices without thinking of repercussions. A few years down the line, you wake up in a certain place and wonder how the hell you got there. - Jennifer Lopez
Money is in some respects life's fire: it is a very excellent servant, but a terrible master. - P. T. Barnum
It's our money, and we're free to spend it any way we please. - Rose Kennedy
I don't know what to do with it. I'm very fortunate to have it, and it gives you room to maneuver. But the main thing about having money is it means you don't have to worry about it. And that for me is a lovely thing. It's not for fast cars and hookers. - Daniel Radcliffe
I don't work very much, and I just sit here waiting for a script that I can't refuse - and I'm not talking about money. - Michael Caine
I decided I ought to pick a project that would not be controversial, that would not really cost the government a lot of money. - Barbara Bush
I had some money, I made the best paintings ever. I was completely reclusive, worked a lot, took a lot of drugs. I was awful to people. - Jean-Michel Basquiat
Only the elites despise earning money. - Newt Gingrich
If you put all your strength and faith and vigor into a job and try to do the best you can, the money will come. - Lawrence Welk
I've got my eye on a few things to spend my money on. I've got my own bank card but I am really good with money. I don't spend too much at all. - Justin Bieber
You have to spend a lot to make a lot. It's not like I'm sitting on top of a pile of money. - Katy Perry
As kids we didn't complain about being poor we talked about how rich we were going to be and made moves to get the lifestyle we aspired to by any means we could. And as soon as we had a little money, we were eager to show it. - Jay-Z
While money doesn't buy love, it puts you in a great bargaining position. - Christopher Marlowe
When I wake up in the morning, I feel like a billionaire without paying taxes. - Ernie Banks
I wake up early in the morning and walk for an hour. If I have something to write, I prefer to write in the morning until midday, and in the afternoon, I eat. - Naguib Mahfouz
I was a government employee in the morning and a writer in the evening. - Naguib Mahfouz
I kind of woke up one morning and was like, 'Oh I see what's happening, I get everything'. I woke up and was like, 'I get it, I'm a product.' - Taylor Momsen
We were doing it under the most extraordinary circumstances, but the first out of the tent in the morning would be David Lean. He said to me on the very first day of shooting, Pete, this is the beginning of a great adventure. - Peter O'Toole
Most songs have meager beginnings. You wake up in the morning, you throw on your suspenders, and you subvocalize and just think. They seem to form like calcium. I can't think of a story right off the bat that was that interesting. I write things on the back of my hand, usually, and sing into a tape recorder. - Tom Waits
Hitchhiking was such a pure form of existence. You'd wake up in the morning, and you'd have no idea what your day was going to be. And that's something I've never been able to shake. I loved that. - John Hawkes
I had the closest thing I have ever had to an out-of-body experience lying in bed one morning. I turned on the 'Today' programme and item four on the news was: 'The shadow chancellor has ruled himself out of the leadership.' I lay there thinking that's interesting, then I realised it was me. - George Osborne
I half knew what to expect when I saw the cricket ground in the morning. It was when I started to talk to people working out there, I began to find what I was looking for. - Ian Botham
I wake up laughing. Yes, I wake up in the morning and there I am just laughing my head off. - Bruce Willis
I love such mirth as does not make friends ashamed to look upon one another next morning. - Izaak Walton
I am really passionate about my career and my music and I am so lucky to be able to do what I do for a job, so for all the early morning starts and long days, I could never trade it all in. - Rachel Stevens
London is completely unpredictable when it comes to weather. You'll start a scene, and it's a beautiful morning. You get there at 6 in the morning, set up, you start the scene, start shooting. Three hours later, it is pitch black and rainy. - David Schwimmer
I derive no pleasure from prosecuting a man, even though I know he's guilty do you think I could sleep at night or look at myself in the mirror in the morning if I hounded an innocent man? - Jim Garrison
I was the type of guy that used to get up in the morning and go out and just out run everybody on the field without stretching or warming up or anything. - Bo Jackson
Of all the songs I've recorded, 'Amarillo By Morning' always sticks out in my mind. - George Strait
I don't mind traveling that much when I can go somewhere and stay there for a while, but touring is different. You rarely see anything. You get there early in the morning and you're resting all day, and you go in and do a sound check, and you do the show, and then bam you're gone. - George Strait
The repose of sleep refreshes only the body. It rarely sets the soul at rest. The repose of the night does not belong to us. It is not the possession of our being. Sleep opens within us an inn for phantoms. In the morning we must sweep out the shadows. - Gaston Bachelard
Too much coffee. Too much coffee and Gatorade. It's a hell of a mix. If you're ever tired in the morning, just try that mix, and tell me what you think. - Kevin Garnett
My principal motivation is supporting my family, which is not a bad reason for getting up in the morning. That's always been my motivation - to take care of the people who rely on me. - Tony Parsons
I have to say that when you tour the world, obviously, the jetlags and different hours and ways of living and traveling, a lot of hours in the plane, and you wake up in the morning and you're not quite sure where you are, and it is very tiring. - Celine Dion
If we were to wake up some morning and find that everyone was the same race, creed and color, we would find some other causes for prejudice by noon. - George Aiken
I eat as much as the next girl, but I work my butt of in the gym every morning! The key is moderation. I splurge on the weekend. A big bowl of pasta and a delicious slice of cake for dessert are my favorites. - Giuliana Rancic
In live action movies, you just hope that everything works. Because the actor may had a bad morning and doesn't play good, or accidents happen continuously. Many things contradict what you are trying to say. But in cartoons, nothing contradict what you want to say. - John Hench
I've never been a TV junkie. I remember watching Letterman way back when he had a morning show. - Todd Barry
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning. - Larry Page
My wife gets all the money I make. I just get an apple and clean clothes every morning. - Ray Romano
Wherever my story takes me, however dark and difficult the theme, there is always some hope and redemption, not because readers like happy endings, but because I am an optimist at heart. I know the sun will rise in the morning, that there is a light at the end of every tunnel. - Michael Morpurgo
What I couldn't help noticing was that I learned more about the novel in a morning by trying to write a page of one than I'd learned in seven years or so of trying to write criticism. - Philip Pullman
I was so obsessed by this problem that I was thinking about it all the time - when I woke up in the morning, when I went to sleep at night - and that went on for eight years. - Andrew Wiles
There's also a sense of freedom. I was so obsessed by this problem that I was thinking about if all the time - when I woke up in the morning, when I went to sleep at night, and that went on for eight years. - Andrew Wiles
Prince used to call me up 3am in the morning and invite me to hear some of his new songs. - Sheena Easton
The one ironclad rule is that I have to try. I have to walk into my writing room and pick up my pen every weekday morning. - Anne Tyler
To drive an F1 car you have to be a little mad. On the morning of a race there's a mix of excitement and fear. If it's a wet track, then it's worse as you're not in control most of the time, which is the thing all drivers fear the most. - Jenson Button
A lot of people think Formula One isn't a sport because everyone drives a car when they go to work in the morning. But we're pulling up to six G on a corner or during breaking, which is almost like being a fighter pilot. So we have to do a lot of work on our neck muscles. - Jenson Button
How many women have the courage to start properly with a cold, cold bath early in the morning? I jump in, throw the water, cold as ice, and after the first plunge I am happy. - Anna Held
I am not a morning person. - Laurell K. Hamilton
I couldn't wait for the sun to come up the next morning so that I could get out on the course again. - Ben Hogan
Whereas I used to get depressed or neurotic or dwell on things, I see my son's bright eyes and smile in the morning, and suddenly, I don't feel like I'm depressed anymore. There's nothing to be depressed about when you've got that. - Corey Feldman
Most of the top actors and actresses may be working in ten or twelve films at the same time, so they will give one director two hours and maybe shoot in Bombay in the morning and Madras in the evening. It happens. - Satyajit Ray
The question is the morning after. What sort of Iraq do we wake up to after the bombing? What happens in the region? What impact could it have? These are questions leaders I have spoken to have posed. - Kofi Annan
I never really drank coffee in college, but now I'm on my feet all day and out all night and can't believe it hasn't always been in my life. When morning comes I crave it. - Gail Simmons
The thing with me is, if I wake up one morning and I'm not happy working as an actress, I'll stop. It's not something I have to do. It's not a vocation. - Samantha Morton
Those golden minutes before you are completely awake, when your mind is just drifting, you have no censorship you are ready to develop any kind of idea. That's when I come up with the best and worst ideas. That is the privilege of being a writer - that you can stay in bed for an hour in the morning and it's work time. - Jo Nesbo
The episodes all blend together for me, so I don't remember. I can't even remember what I had for breakfast this morning. I always feel I must be such a disappointment to them. - Sarah Michelle Gellar
I still love doing what I do, and I'm really lucky to get up in the morning and want to go to work. - Heston Blumenthal
It seems to me madness to wake up in the morning and do something other than paint, considering that one may not wake up the following morning. - Frank Auerbach
Now, on nights that I can't sleep, I play video games alone until the morning. - Namie Amuro
In West Virginia, the most vulnerable people we have are people who get up every morning and go to work. - Joe Manchin
She got the magazine on a Wednesday morning, and on Thursday announced our marriage was over. - David Gest
I don't go to Mass every day. But I go to church every day. Just sitting there, thinking - it's a great way to start the morning, you know? You feel so good coming out, and your approach to everything is suddenly really clear. - Mark Wahlberg
But to the slave mother New Year's day comes laden with peculiar sorrows. She sits on her cold cabin floor, watching the children who may all be torn from her the next morning and often does she wish that she and they might die before the day dawns. - Harriet Ann Jacobs
On the last morning of Virginia's bloodiest year since the Civil War, I built a fire and sat facing a window of darkness where at sunrise I knew I would find the sea. - Patricia Cornwell
I spent every night until four in the morning on my dissertation, until I came to the point when I could not write another word, not even the next letter. I went to bed. Eight o'clock the next morning I was up writing again. - Abraham Pais
You know, the market was down yesterday... my first thought when I heard-just on a personal basis, when I heard there had been this attack and I saw the futures this morning, which were really in the tank, I thought, Time to buy. - Brit Hume
I have a hotline to the tabloids. When I get up in the morning, I call the Star, and the last thing at night, I call them. I want them to have the inside track. - Kirstie Alley
Normal people don't just wake up in the morning and say I think it'd be a good idea to run for president of the United States. - Jon Huntsman, Jr.
The attorney general would call at 5 o'clock in the evening and say: 'Tomorrow morning we are going to try to integrate the University of Mississippi. Get us a memo on what we're likely to do, and what we can do if the governor sends the National Guard there.' - Harold H. Greene
I am a morning writer I am writing at eight-thirty in longhand and I keep at it until twelve-thirty, when I go for a swim. Then I come back, have lunch, and read in the afternoon until I take my walk for the next day's writing. - Carlos Fuentes
Both my mum and dad were great readers, and we would go every Saturday morning to the library, and my sister and I had a library card when we could pass off something as a signature, and all of us would come with an armful of books. - Geraldine Brooks
If I'm playing in the morning, I'll get some carbs early: porridge with chopped banana. If I'm playing in the afternoon, I'll start with less carbs and have some eggs and fruit for breakfast, then a light lunch about 90 minutes before I play, so I don't feel sluggish or full. - Rory McIlroy
Remember my first tenet in getting dressed is how you feel in the morning. So if you're not being true blue to that, it usually shows. - Pharrell Williams
Yes, I still love 'South Park,' but I also love morning TV now. - Mo Rocca
We hear the stories every day now: the father who puts on a suit every morning and leaves the house so his daughter doesn't know he lost his job, the recent college grad facing up to the painful reality that the only door that's open to her after four years of study and a pile of debt is her parents'. These are the faces of the Obama economy. - Mitch McConnell
I was shocked by the amount of Welsh people in L.A. We'd go to this British pub to watch the 'Six Nations' early in the morning and I remember the first time I walked in it was just a sea of red. - Matthew Rhys
I'm obsessed with radio. It's a good start to Sunday morning. - R. L. Stine
A real New Yorker likes the sound of a garbage truck in the morning. - R. L. Stine
I am up at 3:30, reading the op-ed pages and getting ready to be on the air by 6 A.M. on the set of 'Morning Joe,' and after three hours of TV and two hours on the radio, it is only 12 noon. - Mika Brzezinski
I have mugs of hot water every morning because the studio is cold, and also because it makes my throat sound clearer. - Mika Brzezinski
My salary situation at 'Morning Joe' wasn't right. I made five attempts to fix it, then realized I'd made the same mistake every time: I apologised for asking. - Mika Brzezinski
On 'Morning Joe' I can say what I think, be my sometimes unorthodox self, have fun, yet be serious as well. - Mika Brzezinski
You'd have to think that you're at least decent, or you couldn't get up every morning and do it. I think if I live long enough, I might be pretty good. - Martin Mull
I wake up every morning in a cold sweat, regardless of how well things went the day before. And put that I said that in a somewhat but not completely tongue-in-cheek way. - Harvey Pekar
When a man has been consistently battering his wife, he shouldn't expect a bouquet of roses from her the morning after he promises to stop. - Joe Slovo
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction. - George Horace Lorimer
I had an amazing childhood, lots of love. But my dad worked his tail off, getting up at 4 in the morning and going off at 5, 6 o'clock, yet he always had time to spend with his kids and his wife. - Criss Angel
I have to say when we talk about the treatment of these prisoners that I would guess that these prisoners wake up every morning thanking Allah that Saddam Hussein is not in charge of these prisons. - James Inhofe
How can a doctor judge a woman's sanity by merely bidding her good morning and refusing to hear her pleas for release? Even the sick ones know it is useless to say anything, for the answer will be that it is their imagination. - Nellie Bly
Even as a kid, I never liked breakfast. I just don't like to eat then. I like to get up and work. I think sticking a whole bunch of carbohydrates in your stomach in the morning is probably the worst way to begin the day. - Candace Bushnell
The worst part about pregnancy would definitely have to be my nausea. I don't know why it's just called morning sickness because morning sickness never just happened in the morning for me and it's not happening just in the morning for my sister. - Tia Mowry
I'm set to have my best year ever: I'm hiring some acts and there will be a show in the morning, in the afternoon and in the evening. I'm going to use my theater to its fullest potential. - Mickey Gilley
It's not easy waking up every single morning knowing what you're going to put your body through and having to do it. We don't have days off. - Bryan Clay
I've found myself at one in the morning just sitting at my desk spending an hour returning emails from the day until like two in the morning. It's ridiculous, I should be sleeping, or dreaming, or reading a novel. - Brit Marling
The boy who expects every morning to open into a new world finds that today is like yesterday, but he believes tomorrow will be different. - Charles Dudley Warner
My life had become a catastrophe. I had no idea how to turn it around. My band had broken up. I had almost lost my family. My whole life had devolved into a disaster. I believe that the police officer who stopped me at three a.m. that morning saved my life. - Trey Anastasio
The greatest job I ever had was working on my family farm. Each morning my father would come into my bedroom around 4:30 am and command me to get up and work the fields. I would spend the next two hours before school slopping pigs and cropping tobacco. - Armstrong Williams
It only worked for a little while the morning after I agreed to go with Universal, an article came out in the Hollywood trade papers, and the secret was out. - Laura Hillenbrand
Every time I get up in the morning, melodies occur to me and I start trying to shape lyrics to melodies. - Andrew Bird
Never get married in the morning - you never know who you might meet that night. - Paul Hornung
I never thought in a million years I'd be that healthy girl who wakes up every morning to exercise. After being called 'cherubic and chubby,' I'm rocking a bikini! - Kelly Osbourne
You were up at 5 o'clock in the morning, and then you'd ride in a caravan, because we didn't have big movie trucks or trailers that is the hardware of a movie camp. - Marguerite Moreau
I don't have to get up in the morning and go beat up my body like I used to. I don't have to be out there in August in 108 degree weather down in Texas. - Emmitt Smith
Waking up with a bad head in the morning is difficult sometimes. - Caroline Corr
There's some things you just have to live with. Like twelve cars camping outside your house, and when you wake up in the morning, they're going to follow you wherever you go. It helps that I live in Valencia. It eliminates some. But they're still here. - Taylor Lautner
You show up in Paris, and on the drive from the airport to the hotel you're like, 'This is so cool! I want to see something! I want to go to the Eiffel Tower!' And then you leave the next morning. You think, Oh, I didn't get to do anything. I tell people: I've been just about everywhere, but I've seen nothing. - Taylor Lautner
As one gets older, it happens that in the morning one fails to remember the airplane trip to be taken in a few hours or the lecture scheduled for the afternoon. - Rudolf Arnheim
I'm a mom - I'm lucky if I get to shower in the morning. Luckily, nail polish stays on my toes. I've been so bad on the upkeep, though. - Idina Menzel
A city with one newspaper, or with a morning and an evening paper under one ownership, is like a man with one eye, and often the eye is glass. - A. J. Liebling
Probably millions of Americans got up this morning with a cup of coffee, a cigarette and a donut. No wonder they are sick and fouled up. - Jack LaLanne
Yeah, I'm not really a morning person. - Sophie Ellis-Bextor
Let me tell you, sisters, seeing dried egg on a plate in the morning is a lot dirtier than anything I've had to deal with in politics. - Ann Richards
Sydney in general is eclectic. You can be on that brilliant blue ocean walk in the morning and then within 20 minutes you can be in a completely vast suburban sprawl or an Italian or Asian suburb, and it's that mix of people, it's that melting pot of people that give it its vital personality. - Baz Luhrmann
It seems a long time since the morning mail could be called correspondence. - Jacques Barzun
I tend to start at 9 o'clock in the morning and write until 3. Those are my best hours. They fit the other rhythms of the world. So I write for six hours, pretty much without any breaks. - Justin Cronin
I get up, go and get a coffee, and go do the crossword - I'm loyal to one particular paper, the 'Guardian' - and that's my idea of a perfect morning. - Laura Marling
After the first day of practice, there's not one guy who's playing at 100 percent or who feels great. Sometimes, getting up in the morning and brushing your teeth is the hardest part of the day - it just hurts. - Tom Brady
Throughout my 20s I spent a lot of time just playing and not really working, but fortunately for me I continued to get just enough work, and have a reason to wake up in the morning. I really empathize with some of my peers who had success in the early years then it dries up, and so there's no reason to get up in the morning. - Jason Bateman
I try to shave at night so my skin has a chance to settle by the early morning call-time. - Patrick Wilson
It was morning through the high window I saw the pure, bright blue of the sky as it hovered cheerfully over the long roofs of the neighboring houses. It too seemed full of joy, as if it had special plans, and had put on its finest clothes for the occasion. - Herman Hesse
I wake up every morning and I surprise myself. I wake up to a new me. - Gina Carano
I literally have meetings at eight o'clock in the morning, and I finish at nine o'clock at night. It sounds pathetic, but I don't even have time to go shopping. - Stella McCartney
I am focused on what needs to be done for the people of Israel. Period. I do not pity myself and I do not pat myself on the shoulder. I get up in the morning full of energy to fulfill my mission. - Ehud Olmert
I had three children while doing a show, as demanding as 'Good Morning America,' so this is - you know, it's almost like I'm less daunted about motherhood, and parenting at this point in time. And I think I'm just much more fit and healthy than I was 20-years-ago. - Joan Lunden
I'd skip school regularly to see movies - even in the morning, in the small Parisian theaters that opened early. - Francois Truffaut
The thing I care about is my weight - I'm as fanatical about it as a member of Girls Aloud. I weigh myself every morning. I know exactly what I want to be - 82kg - and I try to stick to it. - Tony Parsons
I was a very undisciplined person but acting was something that actually motivated me to get up in the morning. I hadn't experienced that before, but it was something that really excited me. I think I could be quite self-conscious and it gave me a release. - Rufus Sewell
What is life, when wanting love? Night without a morning love's the cloudless summer sun, nature gay adorning. - Robert Burton
I don't dream songs. I'm more apt to write dreams down and then to be able to interpret them into a song. I also tend to get up and write prose in the morning from which will come songs. - Judy Collins
The crew are the faces you see every morning and last at night before you go home. I spend more time with those people than I do with my friends and family, so they're forever a part of you and who you become as an actor so I hope I see them again. - Claudia Black
And I have to say, what motivates me every day and I know my Democratic colleagues is to remember that every day 14,000 people get up in the morning with insurance that go to bed at night without it and most of them because they lost their job. - Debbie Stabenow
Nobody has time to keep trying on a load of things in the morning like a teenager. - Claudia Schiffer
Sometimes in the morning, when it's a good surf, I go out there, and I don't feel like it's a bad world. - Kary Mullis
You know, the men go to tea houses with the expectation that they will have a nice quiet evening and not read about it the next morning in the newspaper. - Arthur Golden
It's very important to write things down instantly, or you can lose the way you were thinking out a line. I have a rule that if I wake up at 3 in the morning and think of something, I write it down. I can't wait until morning - it'll be gone. - Mary Oliver
I'd always been a news junkie, always read lots of newspapers and watched the Sunday morning news shows on TV and felt strongly about issues of power, control, sexuality and race. - Barbara Kruger
I think it's good that I had some experience of the real world before I became successful. You know, having to get up in the morning and going to work in construction. - Tom Jones
Chelsea Morning is a great Joni Mitchell song and I guess I'm partial to her lyrics because they show me a slightly different perspective on life. - Neil Diamond
If I'm working on a film, I'll do sit-ups for before I shoot. Like, 100 in the morning or something. - James Franco
Four hours of prosthetics every morning, the jowls and the nose, and it was very hot so they're having to attend to it all day, and you're still petrified of so many things, such as, can I speak properly? Hitchcock never quite lost those East End vowels, even though he had the softened California consonants. - Toby Jones
When I wake up on a Monday morning and I realise I don't have to go and work at the civil service, I really think I've won. - Paul Merton
Somehow, I've been blessed to be able to have the young spirit inside - not feel like every year I get a year older. I feel like every year I get a year younger. I don't wake up in the morning with aches and pains. - Rickey Henderson
I open with a clock striking, to beget an awful attention in the audience - it also marks the time, which is four o clock in the morning, and saves a description of the rising sun, and a great deal about gilding the eastern hemisphere. - Richard Brinsley Sheridan
I was lucky enough to grow up in a home where I woke up Christmas morning and had toys. I know that's not the case with all people and I don't think kids should go without experiencing that sort of joy. - Lucy Hale
That's the biggest part of doing comics: You have to create stuff that makes you want to get out of bed every morning and get to work. - Daniel Clowes
I trust, that your readers will not construe my words to mean, that I would not have gone to a 3 o'clock in the morning session, for the sake of defeating the Nebraska bill. - Gerrit Smith
When you were a volunteer for the Bush-Cheney campaign, you came in the morning you had a supervisor who gave you a list of calls to make and a time to do it in. - Ed Gillespie
It's such a luxury to be able to be happy about going to work in the morning. - Joe Pantoliano
I don't believe in writing at night because it comes too easily. When I read it in the morning it's not good. I need daylight to begin. Between nine and ten o'clock I have a long breakfast with reading and music. - Gunter Grass
In the last year my wife has noticed me struggling to get downstairs on a Sunday morning. I've two young children and football has been so good to me over the years I don't want to spoil it. - Graeme Le Saux
I don't know why you call it morning sickness, because I was sick all day and night! - Soleil Moon Frye
What I don't like is breakfast in the morning. I have a double-espresso cappuccino, but no food. - Wolfgang Puck
It is always with excitement that I wake up in the morning wondering what my intuition will toss up to me, like gifts from the sea. I work with it and rely on it. It's my partner. - Jonas Salk
I never want to make a film. I don't wake up in the morning going, 'Ooh, I'd really love to be on set making a film today'. I'm aware that other contemporary film directors perceive film-making as what they do, as what they have to do. But I would hope that I am more catholic in my tastes. - Stephen Daldry
I am, in fact, Superman. Every morning I wake up and go into a telephone booth and change my costume, and then go to work. - Stephen Daldry
I was up late last night yapping about the elections on CNN and up early this morning doing the same thing in my daughter's kindergarten class. - Tucker Carlson
In my day, at 12 years old, which was 38 years ago, we worked out in summer months for two and a half hours. Today someone in that age group might work out for four hours, two hours in the morning and two at night. - Mark Spitz
I was getting to bed about 10 P.M. so wound up and not getting to sleep by 11, and because I was putting the prosthetics on for five hours, I had to be up at 3 in the morning. - Gerard Butler
We don't watch the film anymore because we've seen it so many times, so we'll introduce it, walk out and we'll come back in right about when I wake up in the morning and walk over to the shop and everything's changed. - Simon Pegg
O sweet, delusive Noon, Which the morning climbs to find, O moment sped too soon, And morning left behind. - Helen Hunt Jackson
As soon as I began, it seemed impossible to write fast enough - I wrote faster than I would write a letter - two thousand to three thousand words in a morning, and I cannot help it. - Helen Hunt Jackson
I had to get up run in the morning for 2 hours, go to the gym and also get good opponents as sparring partners because I'm a big believer in that how you train is how you will fight at least when it came to me that's how it worked. - Alexis Arguello
The result was that, if it happened to clear off after a cloudy evening, I frequently arose from my bed at any hour of the night or morning and walked two miles to the observatory to make some observation included in the programme. - Simon Newcomb
I do Yoga. I'd like to say I do it every morning, but I don't, I just don't have the time. - Radha Mitchell
So it's the kind of business where you can't wait to get up in the morning and read the papers, or listen to what's on the news, and you know, how the world's going to change. - Sanford I. Weill
The muse holds no appointments. You can never call on it. I don't understand people who get up at 9 o'clock in the morning, put on the coffee and sit down to write. - Glen Hansard
You say something stupid and the next morning you're in the headlines. - Barry Manilow
My ideal is to wake up in the morning and run around the meadow naked. - Daryl Hannah
Mom and Dad would stay in bed on Sunday morning, but the kids would have to go to church. - Lynn Johnston
I think I'm a fun flatmate. I'm always cheerful. I go on tour with my band so it's 12 people on one bus and I feel like I'm the one who's happy in the morning. I'm not a chaotic person, but I might slack off on doing the dishes from time to time. - Zooey Deschanel
I don't want to be in my car all day. I love getting up in the morning in Venice and walking my dogs down to the cafe to get my tea, and then perhaps going to a bookstore and sitting and reading, then walking to the beach. - Jessica Chastain
What I do is not some magical, mystical thing. I simply get up in the morning, get to work on time, say my lines, and do the best I can. - Parker Stevenson
Now I know that that is just the phenomena of eating this way. Most all of my letters say I hit a plateau and then one morning I woke up and the melt had happened. - Suzanne Somers
I'll always remember when I bumped into Good Morning America's Robin Roberts on a flight to my mother's funeral in 1994, and how kind she was during that difficult time. - Gayle King
When I found out I was going to be on CBS every morning, my first phone call was to Jenny Craig. Ten days later, I'd lost nine pounds. Now I even take the plan's popcorn with me to the movies. - Gayle King
There are 435 members of Congress. There's one 'Morning Joe' show. Hopefully, we can keep hammering the argument that you can disagree with other people and have debates but remain civil. - Joe Scarborough
I could announce one morning that the world was going to blow up in three hours and people would be calling in about my hair! - Katie Couric
But, you know, they don't enjoy the dinner hour together. It's just not as much of a ritual at night and it's interesting. I think the ritual is taking place perhaps more in the morning. - Katie Couric
But of course when people watch morning television, Terry, it's a very different animal. You know, they're running around, they're getting their kids ready for school, they're probably doing eight million things, they're brushing their teeth. - Katie Couric
All three networks have always had a morning show but now cable of course is taking some of that audience away and a variety of other things, probably the Internet as well. - Katie Couric
Well, when I was a kid and I watched 'Speed Racer,' I used to always watch it in the morning with my cereal. And when I ate the cereal, I would pour soda into the cereal because we never really had milk for some reason, I don't know. - Emile Hirsch
You know what I like to do on a Sunday morning? Clean my house. I really enjoy it it's my ritual. I require tidiness, actually. I have to have everything spotless before I can relax. - Jonathan Rhys Meyers
There would be nights when I would wake up and couldn't get back to sleep. So I would go downstairs and write. The staff had a pool going on how many pages of typing I would bring in here in the morning. - Harold H. Greene
There is both a skill factor and an effort factor in dream recall. People can develop dream recall skills, such as lying still in the morning and writing down whatever comes to mind. - Henry Reed
The four of us couldn't have made a record with the time left over when we were shooting the show. We were on stage from 7.30 in the morning 'til 7 at night. Later on, when there was a break from filming, and we were sick of doing it the old way. - Peter Tork
You think that religion is a thing that is there to help you and to see you through life, and then you wake up one morning and find the entire Irish situation, the civil war that's based on religion. - Midge Ure
Markets rebounded quickly from morning jitters after the London Thursday terrorist bombing. - Cliff Stearns
I just remember Stella Tenant and me dancing in Donatella Versace's bathtub until like four in the morning. It was one of those 'pinch me' moments. - Carolyn Murphy
I turned on VH1 this morning just to get a little warm-up before I came over here, and I think it's just terrific. There's so much great stuff: diverse and wonderful music, good performances, great looking girls, great videos, the whole thing. - Debbie Harry
When I read the pilot 'for Married with Children', it just reminded me of my Uncle Joe... just a self-deprecating kind of guy. He'd come home from work, and the wife would maybe say 'I ran over the dog this morning in the driveway'. And he would say 'Fine, what's for dinner? - Ed O'Neill
When I get up in the morning I brush my teeth and go about my business, and if I am going anywhere interesting I take my camera along. - Elliott Erwitt
I love to read. I love to stretch. In the morning, I get up, and if I'm not in a hurry, I will lie on the floor on a rug, look through some books and magazines, and maybe listen to music and try to do stretching exercises to tune up. - Jackson Browne
I wake up every morning and I feel like I'm juggling glass balls. I live in Los Angeles, my business is run out of London, and most evenings I'm cuddled up in front of Skype, in my dressing gown, speaking with my studio in London. I travel a lot, my team travel a lot, but I wouldn't have it any other way. - Victoria Beckham
I made it a morning show. We have the coffee cup, we have the morning papers. It's got that feel to it, that's what I wanted. - Regis Philbin
I've done the best I can with the morning show. I made it a morning show. We have the coffee cup, you have the morning papers, you know, it's got that feel to it, that's what I wanted. - Regis Philbin
It means a lot in my business and its a wonderful feeling to be recognized for what you have done over a lifetime, but I didn't go crazy. I still eat my cereal in the morning, have a sandwich in the afternoon, go to bed at night. You know, nothing really different. - Regis Philbin
I wake up every morning singing 'The Star-Spangled Banner.' - Terry McAuliffe
I'm French, so I'm quite lazy about exercising, and I smoke. But I do love going for a run in the morning with my dog. That's all. - Eva Green
I am so excited this year getting to play the 85th Anniversary Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. Everyone knows on Thanksgiving morning to get up, turn on the TV and watch the parade, so to be an actual participant is going to be fun and I'm looking forward to it. I am gonna have to put on my deer hunting gear, though, to stay warm! - Rodney Atkins
We know that a man can read Goethe or Rilke in the evening, that he can play Bach and Schubert, and go to his day's work at Auschwitz in the morning. - George Steiner
It was important on The Shipping News to have my house far enough away from each location so I had this time in the morning to think about my shots and still remain open to surprises once I got to the set. - Lasse Hallstrom
I didn't wake up one morning and not be in the Replacements. We're all that forever, and I've just grown older. I mean, I haven't lost anything. I've gained a few things. - Paul Westerberg
I was up watching Meet Joe Black at four AM. I was hoping Brad Pitt would die, and he was still alive at seven forty in the morning! I actually felt sorry for once, for critics. - Rose McGowan
Sometimes it's so weird just to do an interview. This morning I was back in my parents' house, with my brother, and we went for a jog together, then had breakfast as a family. And a couple of hours later I'm wearing high heels and a dress and makeup, and talking about my job. - Carey Mulligan
We live under a government of men and morning newspapers. - Wendell Phillips
Some days I would be there at ten in the morning and wouldn't leave till ten at night, and the others would waltz in for a couple of hours and then leave, because I was doing that painting thing. And they were happy to see that being done. - Lindsey Buckingham
It wasn't always easy getting up at 5 o'clock in the morning to go to the rink. Sometimes I wanted to just go back to sleep. - Nancy Kerrigan
Work is a prayer, and I start off every morning dedicating it to our Creator. - Joe Murray
We had news this morning of another successful atomic bomb being dropped on Nagasaki. These two heavy blows have fallen in quick succession upon the Japanese and there will be quite a little space before we intend to drop another. - Henry L. Stimson
I started writing morning pages just to keep my hand in, you know, just because I was a writer and I didn't know what else to do but write. And then one day as I was writing, a character came sort of strolling in and I realized, Oh my God, I don't have to be just a screenwriter. I can write novels. - Julia Cameron
I don't have an iPod. I mean, I have a couple. Doesn't everyone? But I don't use it. I need to because I go to the gym now, and I'm tired of listening to morning radio. I want some music! I do have a video iPod, but I don't use it either. - Ricky Schroder
I started playing poker in 2003 during my pregnancy, to distract myself from my awful morning sickness. For months all I did was cry and play Texas Hold'em. - Cheryl Hines
I squeeze oranges every morning to make juice. - Utada Hikaru
So when bands work with me and it's 10 o'clock, usually you'd have to be getting out of the studio, we could go on until 2 in the morning cause it's my place! - Billy Sherwood
Internet marketing entrepreneurs have truly opened my eyes to just how important a quick turnaround time can be. Often times, an interview they conduct with me today is online by the next morning. The interviewee is then able to start making money less than 24 hours after the initial interview. - Marc Ostrofsky
One's age should be tranquil, as childhood should be playful. Hard work at either extremity of life seems out of place. At midday the sun may burn, and men labor under it but the morning and evening should be alike calm and cheerful. - Thomas Arnold
You feel a little older in the morning. By noon I feel about 55. - Bob Dole
When I wrote the song, I had the sea near Bombay in mind. We stayed at a hotel by the sea, and the fishermen come up at five in the morning and they were all chanting. And we went on the beach and we got chased by a mad dog - big as a donkey. - Ray Davies
Well physically preparing for the role, definitely and then continuing to stay physically fit throughout filming, getting up, 4.00 4.30 in the morning. - Brandon Routh
I got into shape because I took kick-boxing lessons every day to prepare for a fight scene with Taylor Lautner. I really wanted to lie down and eat Chinese food, but I kick-boxed every morning and ran. If someone was filming you with your kit off, you'd do the same thing. - Jason Isaacs
He would use amphetamines to stay awake because he would have late night maneuvers that would go way into the early morning hours and he was given pills to stay up for the long hours. - Priscilla Presley
Because my parents, growing up, they worked hard. Everyone in my family woke up early in the morning. I used to see my mother and my father go off to work, and come back and, no matter what, they had time for the kids. - Herschel Walker
In the morning, I reach for the sports page. - Lisa Guerrero
On my morning run, I listen to sports talk radio. - Lisa Guerrero
I can't record in the morning because I sound like Barry White. - Toni Braxton
Bagel in the morning is the ultimate breakfast for me they're just good. - Lee DeWyze
I can write all the way through the morning, when my mind is clear, and there are no distractions. - Karen Thompson Walker
I was half asleep lying there writing this lyric in my head at about 3:30 in the morning. I woke Steve up with this idea and then we went into the living room where there was a little upright piano and finished the song. I wonder where that piano is now? - Jim Capaldi
Men and women were declared equal one morning and everybody could divorce each other by postcard. - Kate Millett
I had a friend whose family had dinner together. The mother would tuck you in at night and make breakfast in the morning. They even had a spare bike for a friend. It just seemed so amazing to me. - Moon Unit Zappa
Over the last four years, I've made a habit of coming into my office in the morning and just getting to work. - Seth Green
Your enjoyment of the world is never right, till every morning you awake in Heaven: see yourself in your Father's palace and look upon the skies, the earth, and the air as celestial joys: having such a reverend esteem of all, as if you were among the angels. - Thomas Traherne
Just this morning, out of a large memory for songs, and having been obsessed by them since childhood, suddenly, at the age of 84, I thought of a song I hadn't thought of in over 50 years. It came into my head unbidden. - Tom Glazer
My poor vision gives me a soft-focus morning. For the first half hour, I kind of wander through my house, and everything is a blur. I put my contacts in when I'm ready to deal with the world. - Carrie Ann Inaba
We all deal with issues of time. The first thing you do in the morning is look at the clock to see what time it is. - Jeremy Piven
I got up one Christmas morning and we didn't have nothing to eat. We didn't have an apple, we didn't have an orange, we didn't have a cake, we didn't have nothing. - Muddy Waters
And now the momentous day, a day to be forever remembered in the annals of the country, arrived. Early in the morning on the 1st of July the conflict began. - Edward Everett
Holiday? Is like, what? I'm a hyperactive girl, so it may be boring for me to be on the beach doing nothing. I just need to find a place for three weeks and work but sleep in the morning, maybe write a little bit, have a glass of red wine. That's my perfect holiday. - Melanie Laurent
I certainly don't sit around in the morning making pancakes listening to Whitehouse or anything. - Thurston Moore
Among the New Hollanders whom we were thus engaged with, there was one who by his appearance and carriage, as well in the morning as this afternoon, seemed to be the chief of them, and a kind of prince or captain among them. - William Dampier
We have this morning dropped anchor, just off Williamstown. - William John Wills
It's interesting to wake up at 3 in the morning by someone saying they're a reporter and they want to know how you feel. I felt fine, but I said, 'Well, why do you ask?' - Saul Perlmutter
The first one, obviously, was walking into my office at eight o'clock in the morning on Wednesday, and being told there was a telephone call saying that there was an incident at Three Mile Island, and that it had shut down and that beyond that we didn't know. - William Scranton
Another very strong image from the first day was giving my initial press conference in the morning - going down and finding out that everything I had said, the essence of what I had said, was wrong. - William Scranton
What I had said in the morning was that this is what we know has happened, but there has been no significant off-site release. Only to find out moments later that, in fact, there had been an off-site release. I still haven't gotten over that. - William Scranton
I was scheduled to give my first official press conference that morning anyway, 'cause I was chairman of the Governors Energy Council and I was making a press conference with regard to energy policy. - William Scranton
And at ten, or whatever time, in the morning we had the press conference, what we knew is there had been an incident at Three Mile Island, that it was shut down, that there was water that had escaped but it was contained. - William Scranton
I have got up at truly deplorable hours in the morning to confront Vancouver's Jack Webster on television because I have been told that is the place to get exposure for ideas. - Barbara Amiel
The morning after my high-school graduation found me up early job hunting. The dream of college I put on the back burner. - Martha Reeves
I went to dance classes from 9 in the morning until 1, then to school from 3 to 10 at night, always under the threat that if I failed a single course I could forget about dancing. - Victoria Abril
When you have to get into the character each morning, give it your voice, your face, it was torture. - Victoria Abril
I'll get up in the morning while they've all got hangovers and run my 5 miles. But the women who do run are usually 10 years younger than me and they're really obsessed about running. That's all they do. They're really boring. - Trisha Goddard
Nothing is better than waking up in the morning and being excited to go into work. - Caprice Bourret
Pharmaceutical companies are enjoying unprecedented profits and access with this Administration. Yet the Republicans' prescription drug plan for seniors has been a colossal failure, and over 43 million Americans wake up every morning without health insurance. - Jim Clyburn
From 7 in the morning to 11 at night, I was reading. I don't think one can find any other time in one's life to be left alone so much to read in peace like that. - Mohsen Makhmalbaf
My joking answer to this question is that I leave a bowl of milk out on the back porch every night for the Idea Fairy. In the morning, the milk is gone and there's a brand-new shiny idea by the bowl. - Sarah Zettel
Not in the mornings, I'm always so tired in the morning. - Ed O'Brien
I live in Los Angeles, which is the second most polluted city in the world, and I wake up in the morning to dirt all over my window. - Ryan Tedder
I'm going to get up every morning at 6:30 to work out. Then, when I've kept with it all week, I give myself something I really want, like a new handbag or a piece of jewelry I'm coveting. - Molly Sims
We remained at our encampment of this day until the morning of the 7th, when we descended ten miles lower down and encamped on a spot of ground where several thousand Indians had wintered during the past season. - William Henry Ashley
Marilyn Monroe was no fun to work with. She would report to work around 5:00 in the evening. You've been in make-up since 8:30 in the morning waiting for her. - Tony Randall
Getting out of bed in the morning is an act of false confidence. - Jules Feiffer
You get up about 2-3 o'clock in the morning and get through about 7 or 8 and 12 hours later you start all over. That's the worst kind of work a person can do. You have to do these two shifts to get one day. - Buck Owens
One morning I woke up and was plunged into psychological shock. I had forgotten I was free. - Jack Henry Abbott
I love Adele, I want her to be my best friend. She could come to the U.S., live with me and sing to me every morning. - Amber Riley
I get up at sunrise. I'm a Buddhist, so I chant in the morning. My wife and I sit and have coffee together, but then it's list-making time. I have carpentry projects. We have roads we keep in repair. It's not back-breaking, but it's certainly aerobic and mildly strenuous. - Patrick Duffy
I am a night painter, so when I come into the studio the next morning the delirium is over. - Philip Guston
Cut your morning devotions into your personal grooming. You would not go out to work with a dirty face. Why start the day with the face of your soul unwashed? - Robert A. Cook
I get up at 4:30 in the morning, seven days a week, no matter where I am in the world. - Bob Iger
I actually think the whole concept of retirement is a bit stupid, so yes, I do want to do something else. There is this strange thing that just because chronologically on a Friday night you have reached a certain age... with all that experience, how can it be that on a Monday morning, you are useless? - Stuart Rose
I write early in the morning, usually after reading portions of at least half a dozen newspapers on the web. - Alan Dean Foster
Your home should be your home. People shouldn't be allowed to use whatever crazy lenses they use to catch you waking up in the morning. - Sarah Chalke
And at five o'clock in the morning we left to drive to Old Tucson, and I sat with my mouth open in the van. I was stunned by the beauty of that country. - Erika Slezak
Upon awakening in the morning, I wondered if the proceedings of the night before had been a dream. It was hard to believe that I was the world's heavyweight champion. - Gene Tunney
This morning of the small snow I count the blessings, the leak in the faucet which makes of the sink time, the drop of the water on water. - Charles Olson
The reporting I did was mostly entertainment or lifestyle. I took a very different approach than most reporters. I approached it more casually than you would think a reporter would. Now I'm a morning radio personality, and radio is really casual. - Eleanor Mondale
Early on the next morning we reached Kansas, about five hundred miles from the mouth of the Missouri. - Francis Parkman
Four men are missing R., Sorel and two emigrants. They set out this morning after buffalo, and have not yet made their appearance whether killed or lost, we cannot tell. - Francis Parkman
I remember being at school during morning meeting and looking around at everybody, 350 kids, saying a prayer. We're all very young and no one knows what it means, and I remember feeling strange that people were just repeating words that they didn't understand. I refused to participate. For some reason I always rejected it, but respectfully. - Sean Durkin
People have accused me of being in favor of globalization. This is equivalent to accusing me of being in favor of the sun rising in the morning. - Clare Short
I remember lying down for a nap one day at about 4:00 and walking up at 11:00 the next morning. - April Winchell
I would also like to act, once in a while, but not get up every morning at 5:30 or six o'clock and pound into the studio and get home at 7:30 or eight o'clock at night, or act over and over and over every night on Broadway, either. - Jackie Cooper
If you can miss getting up in the morning and running into a wall, I miss playing football. I'll never be a frustrated athlete. - Brian Bosworth
I like everything perfect. Everything has to be neat. My sister is 5, and she's more messy than I am. I make my bed every morning, everything's perfect. My shoes are all arranged. It's sad. I'm a little like Ray, a little bit. - Dakota Fanning
It says something about this new global economy that USA Today now reports every morning on the day's events in Asian markets. - Lawrence Summers
I had been found in a mud puddle at 4:30 in the morning. - Lance Loud
I shall begin my march for Camp tomorrow morning. It was not in my power to move until I could procure shoes for the troops almost barefoot. - Anthony Wayne
My wife and I just prefer Seattle. It's a beautiful city. Great setting. You open your front door in the morning and the air smells like pine and the sea, as opposed to bus exhaust. - Ron Reagan
He had written my mother once that he wanted her to be the first thing he saw every morning and the last thing he ever saw. And that's how it turned out. - Ron Reagan
The school-boy doesn't force himself to learn his vocabularies and rules altogether at night, but knows that be must impress them again in the morning. - Hermann Ebbinghaus
I can't stop being in parades. I just love dancing on floats that move really slowly on the city streets in the early morning. - Chris Kattan
John Ford was so funny that I couldn't wait to go to work in the morning. - Richard Widmark
I get up in the morning, torture a typewriter until it screams, then stop. - Clarence Budington Kelland
This morning's scene is good and fine, Long rain has not harmed the land. - Du Fu
Directing is: you're overwhelmed the whole time. Your mind never stops. If you care about it. You wake up in the morning and you begin thinking about it and then you go to sleep at night and you're still thinking about it. - Campbell Scott
I feel pretty good when I get out of bed in the morning. I don't feel all beat up, which is nice. - Drew Bledsoe
A clear cold morning with high wind: we caught in a trap a large gray wolf, and last night obtained in the same way a fox who had for some time infested the neighbourhood of the fort. - Meriwether Lewis
The rain, which had continued yesterday and last night, ceased this morning. We then proceeded, and after passing two small islands about ten miles further, stopped for the night at Piper's landing, opposite another island. - Meriwether Lewis
We had high and boisterous winds last night and this morning: the Indians continue to purchase repairs with grain of different kinds. - Meriwether Lewis
I don't think I'm going to do any good work this morning. - David O. Selznick
Bill Bennett really became an idol for me. I listened to him every morning from 6 to 9 for, oh, years. - Jonathan Krohn
I like to be busy and I like to have places to go in the morning, when I get up. - Sean Hayes
I remember we woke up one morning at Denny's house and John Phillips called. He said, you guys okay? We said, yeah, what's wrong, what's going on? He said, well, everybody's dead over at Sharon's house at Terry Melcher's place. - Barry McGuire
He who stands with his face to the East in the morning will have the sun before him. If he does not change his posture, the Earth in the meantime having changed its, he will have the sun no longer before him, but behind. - Daniel De Leon
The problem with growing up in a cafe was the cafe never closed, my parents worked every day of the year from morning to night. So it was a big menagerie of kids, business and cooking! - Anthony Minghella
This morning in the Washington Post there was a statistic about how 85% of Americans are Christians. - Sally Quinn
I mean when you come into the set at 7:30 in the morning and you come out of make-up and the first thing you know, the ladies start coming into our dressing rooms at 7:45. - Burt Ward
I got a call this morning, and it was from Nancy Kerrigan, wishing me luck. She wished me luck and sent me all her good wishes. - Michelle Kwan
Oh, I have this feud going with the L.A. Unified School District, because I keep getting these phone calls saying my daughter keeps missing classes, I mean, at all hours of the night, I had like, two calls this morning and I keep calling saying I haven't got a daughter! - Chris Colfer
I had this temp receptionist job in New York, and I kind of hated it, and in the morning I would come out of the subway and just walk along the New York streets with all these people around me and kind of sing to myself. Like, 'She's gonna make it!' - Elizabeth Meriwether
The regular guy still relates to him and Howard is a $500 million guy now who dates a model and drives about in a limo all day. But Howard still knows how to make a plumber laugh and those guys still have him on in the morning, because he is a real talent. - Artie Lange
I did that for 40 years or more. I never had any writer's block. I got up in the morning, sat down at the typewriter - now, computer - lit up a cigarette. - Frederik Pohl
I just had that conversation this morning with my doctor. I just got back from the hospital a half-hour ago, and nothing will make me happier than to replicate the DNA of my amazing husband. I'm optimistic. - Karen Duffy
Congressman Berg will repeatedly talk about Harry Reid and Barack Obama, and I find it interesting, because this morning, when I woke up and brushed my teeth, I looked in the mirror and I did not see a tall, African-American, skinny man. So let's make it clear that my priorities are North Dakota priorities. - Heidi Heitkamp
You don't learn style from watching people on a runway. Fashion happens every morning when you wake up. - Shalom Harlow
Hezbollah's contempt for human suffering is total, as it showed once again this morning when its rockets murdered two Israeli Arab children in Nazareth. - Tom Lantos
What is different is I am giving the kids a chance to train every day. Not only once a day, but sometimes when they do not have school, we will try to do something in the morning too. - Thomas Dooley
It's not like I just have to go to Washington and go to the White House everyday, and go to the same press conference at 10 in the morning and then be briefed at 4 in the afternoon, and then get a story on at 6. - Tabitha Soren
I put on lip balm first thing in the morning and always use it before I swipe on my red lipstick. - Heather Morris
Our perception of celebrities in Hollywood is not the reality. The reality of our lives is so much like everyone else's life. We have family members we love, everyone gets up in the morning, they have three meals a day and they go about their business. - Sissy Spacek
This house was our dream-the gardens, the study, even the swimming pool. Even though I can't see John when I wake up in the morning, I can always feel him here with me. - Shirley Knight
It really depends, but, generally speaking, just because of the mechanics of it, voice-over is easier because there is no hair, no makeup, no wardrobe, no fittings, no line memorizing. You don't have to me woken up in Russia at 6 in the morning and go film a scene. It's just easier on the body, the family life to do voice-overs. - Kathy Najimy
I just motor through school in the morning and then go skating. - Ryan Sheckler
It's disrespectful to tell the French in the morning that you're going to reduce the debt, in the evening that you're not going to make any savings, and the next morning, after thinking about it, that you're going to spend more. - Nicolas Sarkozy
The work is with me when I wake up in the morning it is with me while I eat my breakfast in bed and run through the newspaper, while I shave and bathe and dress. - C. S. Forester
People in Oklahoma don't wake up every morning wondering what the government is going to do for them. - Mick Cornett
I'm thinking to myself, I just love doing the art, it takes me a morning to do. - Eddie Campbell
I'm not a T.G.I.F. guy. I get off a plane at 2 o'clock in the morning and I'm looking for my secretary because I want to know what's going on. - Vijay Mallya
I go jogging for 25 minutes every morning, even if I'm away from home. - Pierre Dukan
At the very end of a book I can manage to work for longer stretches, but mostly, making stuff up for three hours, that's enough. I can't do any more. At the end of the day I might tinker with my morning's work and maybe write some again. But I think three hours is fine. - Peter Carey
I made that decision back in 1985. I was out here getting certified in SCUBA with Garcia in Kona and I thought to myself, this is a place to wake up in in the morning. - Bill Kreutzmann
I'm on VH1 now, will be working on ITV's This Morning again from September. - Lisa Snowdon
I m up at 5 in the morning and in bed by 10 in the evening. - DeForest Kelley
I loved it, but social reality impeded. Now I wander in here at 9 in the morning or so, and come back for a while in the afternoon. I am a very lenient boss. - Donald E. Westlake
I start work at 5 in the morning and I have a wicked insomnia problem. - Don Winslow
You know, I mean this sincerely, you know, I'm so grateful that I get to get up in the morning and do this, you know, and write books. - Don Winslow
I get started at 5:30 in the morning and write till 10 A.M. Then I hike six or seven miles before going back to work. - Don Winslow
The big thing is hydrating the day before the race. I will have 20 ounces of water right when I get up in the morning the day before, and I'll drink throughout the day. - Ryan Hall
When I got my very first phone call that I'd hit the 'New York Times' list, I had a small rush of 'I've made it!' But the next morning, it occurred to me I didn't know what it was, so I called my agent and asked what being a 'New York Times' bestselling author really meant. He informed me that I was now a thousand pound gorilla. - Lisa Gardner
I lived at home and I cycled every morning to the railway station to travel by train to Johannesburg followed by a walk to the University, carrying sandwiches for my lunch and returning in the evening the same way. - Sydney Brenner
Now the only thing I miss about sex is the cigarette afterward. Next to the first one in the morning, it's the best one of all. It tasted so good that even if I had been frigid I would have pretended otherwise just to be able to smoke it. - Florence King
Yesterday morning I amused myself with an exercise of a talent I once possessed, but have so neglected that my performance might almost be called an experiment. I cut out a dress for one of the women. - Fanny Kemble
I know a lot of people dread going to work every morning, but my work is playing pretend and doing stunts and screaming. It's a lot of fun and I get to play dress up. Every day is exciting and different and new and cool. I couldn't be more grateful. - Nina Dobrev
I woke up one morning with this song in my head, and the opening line of the song is, 'My name was Richard Nixon, only now I'm a girl.' - Bruce Cockburn
Sometimes I miss out the morning's painting session and instead study my Japanese books in the open. - Gustav Klimt
There is nothing that special to see when looking at me. I'm a painter who paints day in day out, from morning till evening - figure pictures and landscapes, more rarely portraits. - Gustav Klimt
Ice skating is very difficult. It takes a lot of discipline and a lot of hard work. It's fun, but you are there on the ice every morning freezing and trying to do these moves and these tricks. - Michelle Trachtenberg
I was lucky because on the morning after the burning of the Reichstag I left my home very early to catch a train to Berlin for the conference of our student organization and that is the only reason why I escaped arrest. - Klaus Fuchs
Work is a prayer. And I start off every morning dedicating it to our Creator. - Joseph Murray
Homer is new this morning, and perhaps nothing is as old as today's newspaper. - Charles Peguy
There's nothing like coming home here, having the day off or morning off and going surfing. In Orlando I don't know what I would do. - Corbin Bernsen
I have glaucoma, so use eye drops both morning and night. - Malcolm Boyd
We'd be working in our motel room through the night, and I'd come up with an idea at two in the morning, and he'd start jumping up and down, pacing across the room, or whatever. - Arthur Hiller
Hope is the motivation that empowers the unemployed, enabling them to get out of bed every single morning with unbounded enthusiasm as they look for work. - Emanuel Cleaver
Our son is in school now. You know, he's six-and-a-half and so a big chunk of the day is taken up by school. So I'm hoping that I'll be able to certainly take him to school in the morning, maybe pick him up in the afternoon and come back to work. - Connie Chung
I get up every morning and it's going to be a great day. You never know when it's going to be over so I refuse to have a bad day. - Paul Henderson
The Bible says not to worry so I don't. I just get up in the morning and ask God for help to get through the day. If tomorrow shows up then I'll take the same shot tomorrow. - Paul Henderson
There we times when everybody in the house has the flu. You're cleaning up vomit and it's 2 in the morning, and you're wishing there was somebody else there to help you. - Meg Tilly
This morning someone sent me a very funny photo of me holding their puppy. We have matching colour jackets. - Luke Treadaway
I need to eat before a workout. If I exercise in the morning, I'll have a little oatmeal, cereal, or a hard-boiled egg with toast. If I go in the afternoon, I'll eat a turkey sandwich with cheese for lunch. - Ana Ortiz
Every morning I wake up with new ideas. - Caroll Shelby
We usually never got out of there before four or five o'clock in the morning. Every morning. So it was rough. - Cab Calloway
My first care the following morning was, to devise some means of discovering the man in the grey cloak. - Adelbert von Chamisso
I looked at films as a career from necessity but all I have really wanted is my home and children. The two things just do not work out together when one has to leave home at 5.30 am in the morning to go to the studio. - Dinah Sheridan
We also own a little boat and I'm like a kid with it. I take off early in the morning, fishing rod in tow, and just drift about the ocean all day. - Perry Como
All we had aboard the ship that morning was one Annapolis graduate and three reserves. - Barney Ross
It's very much like opera singers. They do the same thing. The first thing in the morning and the last thing at night, the thing they think about is their voice and how to take care of it. - Johnny Mathis
On the 28th the ship's company received two months pay in advance, and on the following morning we worked out to St. Helen's, where we were obliged to anchor. - William Bligh
The process hasn't changed, but the writer has developed. I still get up every morning and go to work. - Mordecai Richler
I get up at an unholy hour in the morning my work day is completed by the time the sun rises. I have a slightly bad back which has made an enormous contribution to American literature. - David Eddings
It was so quiet that morning in Paris that the heels of my two companions and myself were loud on the deserted pavements. It was a city of shuttered shops, and barred windows, and deserted avenues. - Philip Gibbs
I met my boyfriend, a pro poker player, at a tournament. He tried to dissuade me because it's a seedy gritty world. Listen, I've played till 4 in the morning. I've played with a half million dollars on the table. - Jennifer Tilly
Looking in the mirror to check if my tie is straight is a waste of my time. I only look in the mirror once a day, and that's in the morning when I shave. - Lennart Meri
It was not enough to come and listen to a great sermon or message every Sunday morning and be confined to those four walls and those four corners. You had to get out and do something. - John Lewis
I love my daughter, but she had me on couscous and fixed me pastas and made me eat oatmeal every morning and what else, turkey burgers, turkey bacon, and that kind of stuff. So she wants her dad to live a long time, and I do, too. - Dusty Baker
The plane took off at 8:10 in the morning - or that's when it was scheduled to take off. And that's when I believe it took off. I had been in my office at the Department of Justice. Someone told me that there had been the two strikes that occurred at the World Trade Center. - Ted Olson
As an actor, it's more interesting to play a nerd than anything else. It's a lot more fun - you don't worry about 'what's my hair like?' in the morning or 'which is my great angle?' - Nicholas Brendon
You really have to be a morning person if you want to be a teacher. - Alanna Ubach
If you woke up each morning, and immediately dwelt on your ills, what sort of a day could you look forward to? - Maeve Binchy
Homey don't quit. What else are you gonna do? It's like those guys in the cartoon they get up in the morning, check the clock and fight all day and after it's over they check the clock and go home. That's how it goes. - Chubby Checker
I doing casual labor by the day. They wouldn't pay you until the next morning. There was a bar that would cash your check if you bought a beer first. A lot of guys never left until they'd drunk up all their money. - Fred Ward
Politics gets me out of bed in the morning It's what really interests me. I'm a competitor, but I also feel like I'm contributing, whether it's working on health-care policy in the White House or out here in Chicago. - Stephanie Cutter
I don't know any other lifestyle. I get up in the morning and I really do feel that the world is my oyster, and I start that way, the same as I would if I were preparing to write a song: put a blank piece of paper up on the piano and you go for it. - Lesley Gore
I think I turned to writing really just to wake up in the morning and be a musician and to have something to do, and feel like a musician every day even if I wasn't working. - Lesley Gore
Well, you know what? The actor still gets up in the morning, if he's still got something to work with, you go out there and you do it. Never quit! - Robert Forster
I write best in the morning, and I can only write for about half a day, that's about it. - Norton Juster
For me growing up, Christmas time was always the most fantastic, exciting time of year, and you'd stay up until three in the morning. You'd hear the parents wrapping in the other room but you knew that also, maybe, they were in collusion with Santa Claus. - Chris Pine
The United States dollar took another pounding on German, French and British exchanges this morning, hitting the lowest point ever known in West Germany. - Gordon Sinclair
Each of our children during their high school years went to 'early morning seminary' - scripture study classes that met in the home of a church member every school day morning from 6:30 until 7:15. - Clayton Christensen
We climbed the stairs to the third floor, where Osama bin Laden died early in the morning of May 2, 2011. - Peter L. Bergen
I had someone call me this morning telling me they had somebody who would only work a certain number of hours a week because if they worked too many hours a week then they couldn't get their government assistance. And that person has multiple cell phones, and gets them new every month with new minutes. - Timothy Griffin
Sometimes, I sit down to sketch at the unearthly hour of 3 in the morning! - Nafisa Joseph
This morning I was laughing at my cat who was running up the stairs and slipped, and pretended like it didn't happen. - Jayma Mays
My mom was a big 'Smurfs' fan, so she would force me to watch every Saturday morning. I had no choice in the matter. I would jump downstairs on Saturday morning, 'Hurray, cartoons!' and she would say, 'Smurfs! That's what you're watching.' - Jayma Mays
When you awaken some morning and hear that somebody or other has been discovered, you can put it down as a fact that he discovered himself years ago - since that time he has been toiling, working, and striving to make himself worthy of general discovery. - James Whitcomb Riley
We had cocktail parties and I'd stay up until 5 in the morning. - Dorothy Malone
I owed Lewis one thing, at least. Once you had suffered the experience of presenting a case at one of his Monday morning conferences, no other public appearance, whether on radio, TV or the lecture platform, could hold any terrors for you. - Anthony Storr
When Andrew went with the girls, we were talking all morning and he was saying, 'It's okay. Just remember we had such a good day. Our wedding was so perfect.' Because we're such a unit together. He made me feel very part of the day on April the 29th. - Sarah Ferguson
I would bend over backward to be back on Grey's. Any day, I'll choose lying in bed with Katherine Heigl looking over me over getting thrown against walls by supernatural persons at 5 in the morning. - Jeffrey Dean Morgan
I hated high school. Ugh. I couldn't wait until it was over so I could sleep in. In college, I made sure all my classes were in the afternoon. I hated getting up in the morning. - Mario Cantone
I get up in the morning, do my e-mail, I check my e-mails all day. I'll go online and I'll buy my books at Amazon.com, but I don't want to buy all of them because I want to go to Duttons and I want to buy books from another human being. - Joseph Bologna
I have asked myself once or twice lately what was my natural bent. I have no doubt at all: It is to look at each day for the evil of that day and have a go at it, and that is why I have never failed to have an acute interest in each morning's letters. - Geoffrey Fisher
I'd wake up in the morning and I would think, 'Where am I?' I'd have to gather myself. - Pat Summitt
I wake up every morning feeling lucky - which is driven by fear, no doubt, since I know it could all go away. - Natasha Richardson
I'm sorry I didn't wear paint this morning. I tend not to wear it unless I'm getting highly paid. - Tyne Daly
Some of those more out-there jokes were written in the wee hours of the morning. Somehow, they remained funny the next day. - Seth MacFarlane
All morning they watched for the plane which they thought would be looking for them. They cursed war in general and PTs in particular. At about ten o'clock the hulk heaved a moist sigh and turned turtle. - John Hersey
I have come to understand and appreciate writers much more recently since I started working on a book last fall. Before that, I thought golf writers got up every morning, played a round of golf, had lunch, showed up for our last three holes and then went to dinner. - Phil Mickelson
As we moved along in a little procession, I was delighted with the illumination of the streets. So many lamps, and they burned until morning, my father said, and so people did not need to carry lanterns. - Mary Antin
The apex of my civic pride and personal contentment was reached on the bright September morning when I entered the public school. - Mary Antin
The results of this survey are shocking and should be a wake-up call to men and women that drinking and smoking too much not only gives you a bad headache in the morning but can affect your ability to start a family. - Ann Robinson
Put Mickelson and Toms out there. You know, they had the morning off. They rested. Knowing them and the competitors that they are, they are probably a little angry that they weren't out there in the morning. - Hal Sutton
If there was no Black Sabbath, I could still possibly be a morning newspaper delivery boy. No fun. - Lars Ulrich
They put me on the shift where they thought I could do the least harm, midnight to eight in the morning. Although the hours were lousy, they were perfect for an apprentice reporter. - Andrea Mitchell
Beauty, sweet love, is like the morning dew, Whose short refresh upon tender green, Cheers for a time, but till the sun doth show And straight is gone, as it had never been. - Samuel Daniel
I have a family and two cats I get up with my kids early in the morning. - Vanna White
My workout regimen at the moment is nonexistent. I wake up in the morning and brush my teeth. My toothbrush and deodorant are my only dumbbells. That's about it. - Josh Bowman
You know what I like to do? I love waking up early, making them breakfast, taking them to school, having time in the morning with them. With six kids, it's like a reality show. - Allan Houston
Nobody wakes up in the morning thinking, 'I'm a bad guy.' They think they're the right guy. - Ray Stevenson
When I run in the morning, my body spends the first 20 minutes trying to figure out what's happening to it. - Danny Pudi
I can't find my car keys in the morning. Trying to get out of my house is a nightmare. 'Where's my wallet? Where are my keys? I have to go find a missing person.' - Anthony LaPaglia
In this respect early youth is exactly like old age it is a time of waiting for a big trip to an unknown destination. The chief difference is that youth waits for the morning limited and age waits for the night train. - Bruce Catton
The present moment is nice but it does not last. Living in it is like waiting in a junction town for the morning limited the junction may be interesting but some day you will have to leave it and you do not know where the limited will take you. - Bruce Catton
I just enjoy life now. I just enjoy every morning I get to wake up. - Nas
Four hours of makeup, and then an hour to take it off. It's tiring. I go in, I get picked up at two-thirty in the morning, I get there at three. I wait four hours, go through it, ready to work at seven, work all day long for twelve hours, and get it taken off for an hours, go home and go to sleep, and do the same thing again. - Peter Sarsgaard
The reasons why I left were to do with my interest in Buddhism. There were experiences over a period of about six months which caused me to decide to give up music, so one morning I felt I had to go to E.G. Management and tell them. - Jamie Muir
You wrestle one night, get up the next morning and fly out to the next city. You try to work out, you try to get some food into you and, lo and behold, you have to go work again. You are living out of a suitcase. - Bill Goldberg
I run in the morning, lift weights in the afternoon, basketball training at night, and then lift weights again at night. - Lil' Romeo
Between 2 and 3 in the morning of the 19th inst. I was aroused by the cry that the enemy was upon us. - Richard Francis Burton
In Rio Bravo when Duke makes love to Feathers, the scene dissolves to the next morning where we see him putting on his vest and almost humming. It was subtle, but you knew what happened. Give me a towel and some blankets any day! - Angie Dickinson
Change is tough, people don't like it, but it is necessary. Take two aspirins and call me in the morning. - Christopher Bond
I like freedom. I wake up in the morning and say, 'I don't know, should I have a popsicle or a donut?' You know, who knows? - Oscar Nunez
On tour, I'll get up at 5 p.m. and go to bed at 8 in the morning. With fishing, it's the exact opposite. Fishing is the only healthy thing I do. Touring is such a grind it's the opposite of healthy. - Dean Ween
I didn't know that I could do a talk show. I didn't know that we could bring variety to daytime. I didn't know that people wanted to see singing, and dancing and comedy in the morning. - Wayne Brady
That was my childhood. I grew up with the monks, studying Sanskrit and meditating for hours in the morning and hours in the evening, and going once a day to beg for food. - Satish Kumar
I could wake up six in the morning, go downstairs and record. I learned how to use ProTools and everything. Whenever I felt it, I could record. - Beanie Sigel
Before I go to bed at night, I ice my face, because it closes your pores and makes a difference in the morning. - Jasmine Tookes
Everybody's after a new morning. What do we have to run up and salute tomorrow? - Robert Stone
I was the first in my peer group to get pregnant. All I craved was reassurance. I needed someone to tell me that all the seemingly random symptoms I had - weird things, such as excess saliva - were normal. And I was worried because I wasn't getting any morning sickness. - Heidi Murkoff
Taking pre-natal vitamins can minimise birth defects and can lower the chances both of morning sickness and premature delivery. - Heidi Murkoff
I love classical music and often listen to symphonies or opera in the morning. - William Mapother
No matter how bad things are, you can at least be happy that you woke up this morning. - D. L. Hughley
I used to spend every morning in detention at my old school. - Jake Lloyd
I'm a morning person because I learned to write my novels while still practicing law. I would get to the office at 6:30 a.m. and write until other people arrived, around 9. Now I still do that. I start at 6:30 or 7, and I'll write until 11, then take an hour off, then work until about 2 p.m. By then my brain has had enough. - Steve Berry
I used to hear about guys who played saying how difficult it is getting up in the morning, and now I'm experiencing it those same effects. - Terrell Davis
The newspaper is a marvelous medium. It is extraordinarily convenient and cheap. Let's see. This one cost 75 cents. Now that's a little high. I bought it when I was downtown this morning. - Harrison Salisbury
The 6th of August in the morning we saw an opening in the land and we ran into it, and anchored in 7 and a half fathom water, 2 miles from the shore, clean sand. - William Dampier
Well, he doesn't make me laugh. I think I've got a fair sense of humour but I can't really see it in him. I've listened to his show on the radio on a Saturday morning, and that's a load of mince as well. - Ian St. John
Maxi dresses are also my best friend. They take me from my morning coffee, to the beach, to nighttime. - Hilary Rhoda
At the end of the day, I don't need to work, and I think it's good that I have the drive and willpower to get up and do something in the morning even though I don't need to. - Petra Ecclestone
How did we suddenly become entranced with gangster culture? I saw it this morning on campus. When did the black community say we should all look like criminals? - Tim Reid
I'm a total protein shake junkie nerd. I get creative every morning - you never know what you're gonna get in my shake... fruit? Peanut butter? Ice-cream? - Christina Perri
I love to be in my bathroom with my candles lit, morning, noon and night. I like taking hot baths and hot showers, using my body scrubs and lotions. - Traci Bingham
Always get married in the morning. That way if it doesn't work out, you haven't wasted the whole day. - Mickey Rooney
Our systems are all go. At 9:30 Monday morning trading will resume on both markets, and the message will be given to criminals who foisted this on America that they lost. - Richard Grasso
If I'm on location on some island, we usually get up at four in the morning to set up. By seven thirty, we're on the beach working until noon, then we rest. It's not exactly a vacation. - Daniela Pestova
When I get the morning report on security, I call those battalions in the regions where there are problems. - Alvaro Uribe
Running clears my mind, and gives me a reason to get out of bed in the morning. - Ronnie O'Sullivan
I like to wake up each morning feeling a new man. - Jean Harlow
I'm pretty much a 9-to-5 kind of guy. I usually get to work about 8 in the morning, and I work until 4 or 5, and sometimes I work on Saturday and Sunday mornings. Pretty much I keep the same hours as an accountant or clerk or whatever. - Douglas Preston
Man, if I made one million dollars I would come in at six in the morning, sweep the stands, wash the uniforms, clean out the office, manage the team and play the games. - Duke Snider
You have to wake up a virgin each morning. - Jean-Louis Barrault
For 50 years, acting was the reason I got up in the morning. - Jack Klugman
You can be in Tokyo or Alberta at four in the morning in your hotel and you can still practice if you feel like it. A trombone cannot do that at four in the morning. - Toots Thielemans
Remember that God under the Law ordained a Lamb to be offered up to Him every Morning and Evening. - Thomas Ken
The cool thing about writing is that there is really never a typical day. Sometimes I get a rhythm going and head off to work every morning and come home at night. Sometimes I'll write for two days straight and then be utterly blank for the next two. - Patricia Briggs
That's what keeps me up at three in the morning: Who's looking at reviews of Cabin Boy right now? - Chris Elliott
I think it's probably best to work out in the morning to get it out of the way. My ultimate top tip is to drag yourself, even if you have to roll yourself out of your bed and in to a sit-up - it's really not that bad once you start. - Lily James
The sound of the blades on the ice in the morning is like smelling fresh coffee. - Tara Lipinski
New Orleans life is such a night life. The thing that comes up very often is that our day essentially doesn't start until midnight or 2 in the morning. - Robert Asprin
I like to eat yogurt in the morning. It's easy and quick and available anywhere. - Maud Welzen
I have a huge breakfast every morning because I never know if I'll have time for lunch, especially during Fashion Week. It keeps my mood positive all day. And my parents taught me to have tons of fruit and vegetables, which I think helps my skin. - Constance Jablonski
I'm not really a morning person. - Steve Burton
Another thing that's quite different in writing a book as a practicing newspaperman is that if you look at what you've written the next morning and you think you didn't get it quite right, you can fix it. - Adam Clymer
It's a miserable life in Hollywood. You're up at five or six o'clock in the morning to be ready to start shooting at nine. - William Wyler
I went to Morocco, joined a band called Pegasus, ran out of money, went to Gibraltar and worked on the docks, writing songs about the sun and the morning and the birds. - Graham Parker
For the first-time novelist you've got to get up at 5:30 in the morning and write until 7, make breakfast and go to work. Or, come home and work for an hour. Everybody has an hour in their day somewhere. - Ridley Pearson
The next morning we saw nothing of the enemy, though we were still lying to. - John Byng
In a still hot morning, the tide went out and didn't come back in. This was not a spectacular event. The sea did not roll up like a scroll, like the sky in Revelations. It quietly withdrew. - Ruth Park
My aunt had a season ticket for the Friday afternoon concerts, and I would go down for lessons. My lessons were Saturday morning. - Robert Ripley
In a few days an officer came to our camp, under a flag of truce, and informed Hamilton, then a captain of artillery, but afterwards the aid of General Washington, that Captain Hale had been arrested within the British lines condemned as a spy, and executed that morning. - William Hull
It doesn't much signify whom one marries, for one is sure to find next morning that it was someone else. - Samuel Rogers
So far as I know, anything worth hearing is not usually uttered at seven o'clock in the morning and if it is, it will generally be repeated at a more reasonable hour for a larger and more wakeful audience. - Moss Hart
I opened the large central window of my office room to its full on the fine early May morning. Then I stood for a few moments, breathing in the soft, warm air that was charged with the scent of white lilacs below. - Angus Wilson
I work out twice a day, once in the morning and once before bed. I'll start with half an hour of running and then some yoga to stretch everything out so everything is warm. - Erin Heatherton
I'm still going to do television. I'm just not going to do morning television. I would like to do some things that satisfy interests, private interests. - Bryant Gumbel
I write in the morning, I walk in the afternoon and I read in the evening. It's a very easy, lovely life. - Margaret Forster
He's got an overall flair for the game. It looks to me like he really loves what he does and he can't wait to get up in the morning, go hit some balls and go play. - Gary McCord
I woke up on the plane this morning and was turning on my phone and I had to put my pin number in. That's when I realized that since the age of 10 I've been using 2012 as my pin number. But now that I've won gold in the 2012 Olympics, I've achieved that goal and, for the first time in 14 years, I'll have to change my pin. - Cameron van der Burgh
I spent many a summer early morning with the radio very low, half sleeping and half listening. - Frankie Valli
In the morning on Sunday, a drum is sounded at about 8 o'clock. - William Brewster
Well, I get my subject on Wednesday night I think it out carefully on Thursday, and make my rough sketch on Friday morning I begin, and stick to it all day, with my nose well down on the block. - John Tenniel
This enraged the other Nazi so much that the next morning he came to our house and he shot my father. - Bruno Schulz
Early One Morning takes time and, I mean, all things like that I felt were very important. - Anthony Caro
If I don't fish in the morning, I fish in the evening. - Dion Sanders
Suddenly a single shot on the extreme left rang out on the clear morning air, followed quickly by several others, and the whole line pushed rapidly forward through the brush. - John Gibbon
When I was twelve, I went hunting with my father and we shot a bird. He was laying there and something struck me. Why do we call this fun to kill this creature who was as happy as I was when I woke up this morning. - Marv Levy
I think public service is a calling and you do it as long as the things that brought you into the office can continue getting you up in the morning and as long as there's still work to get done. - Anthony Foxx
You can't set a hen in one morning and have chicken salad for lunch. - George M. Humphrey
Talking from morning to night about sex has helped my skiing, because I talk about movement, about looking good, about taking risks. - Ruth Westheimer
It takes more than driving to become an IndyCar driver. Gone are the days when drivers show up Friday morning and go home Sunday night. We're all integral to our partnerships, commercially, motorsports. We're as much champions in the boardroom as we are on the racetrack. - Charlie Kimball
I have been wounded like this since about half past eight this morning and I will tell you how it happened. - Francesco Borromini
Secretary of State Colin Powell, thank you so much, as always, for joining us this morning. - Hannah Storm
'Tis always morning somewhere in the world. - Richard Henry Horne
In the morning he was lying dead on one of the beds fully clothed. He was dead. I got the impression he wanted to go, and I must have killed him. I can't remember strangling him. I just sat there shocked. - Dennis Nilsen
I knew, however, that the next morning after the fight I would have to get away, and I did just in time, for a full company came early to look for me and were furious because I had escaped them. - Jesse James
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. - Dalai Lama
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. - Norman Vincent Peale
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. - Ayn Rand
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. - Jim Rohn
If you're going through hell, keep going. - Winston Churchill
After a storm comes a calm. - Matthew Henry
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. - C. S. Lewis
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. - Eleanor Roosevelt
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence. - Confucius
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. - Thomas A. Edison
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. - Wayne Dyer
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. - Og Mandino
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be. - Ken Venturi
Always continue the climb. It is possible for you to do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than ourselves to do it. - Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast. - Alfred A. Montapert
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. - Helen Keller
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now. - Denis Waitley
If you can dream it, you can do it. - Walt Disney
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. - Thomas Jefferson
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward. - Victor Kiam
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best. - Epictetus
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. - Benjamin Franklin
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. - Albert Einstein
Either you run the day or the day runs you. - Jim Rohn
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. - William James
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want. - Muhammad Ali
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love. - Miguel Angel Ruiz
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing. - Thomas Jefferson
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen. - John F. Kennedy
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Henry David Thoreau
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins. - Jim Rohn
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. - Mark Twain
Well done is better than well said. - Benjamin Franklin
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. - John D. Rockefeller
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change. - Katharine Hepburn
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle. - Sasha Cohen
Always desire to learn something useful. - Sophocles
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. - Dale Carnegie
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. - Confucius
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. - Aristotle
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself. - Saint Teresa of Avila
Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way. - Eileen Caddy
If you ask me what I came into this life to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud. - Emile Zola
I've worked too hard and too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down and I will not let myself down. - Mia Hamm
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door. - Kyle Chandler
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. - Robert H. Schuller
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can. - Nikos Kazantzakis
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents. - John W. Gardner
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. - Thomas Paine
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree. - Jim Rohn
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. - Leo Buscaglia
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed. - Robert H. Schuller
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. - Ralph Marston
Never complain and never explain. - Benjamin Disraeli
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. - Tony Robbins
It's always too early to quit. - Norman Vincent Peale
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself. - Mark Caine
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. - Henry Ford
Who seeks shall find. - Sophocles
Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed - there's so little competition. - Elbert Hubbard
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there. - Bo Jackson
Know or listen to those who know. - Baltasar Gracian
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health. - Henry David Thoreau
The hardships that I encountered in the past will help me succeed in the future. - Philip Emeagwali
When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder. - Natalie Gulbis
Leap, and the net will appear. - John Burroughs
The most effective way to do it, is to do it. - Amelia Earhart
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth. - Bradley Whitford
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter. - William James
To know oneself, one should assert oneself. - Albert Camus
You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals. - George S. Patton
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself. - Swami Sivananda
You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win. - Ted Turner
In motivating people, you've got to engage their minds and their hearts. I motivate people, I hope, by example - and perhaps by excitement, by having productive ideas to make others feel involved. - Rupert Murdoch
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. - Wayne Dyer
Perseverance is not a long race it is many short races one after the other. - Walter Elliot
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear. - Baruch Spinoza
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. - Julie Andrews
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose? - Eliza Dushku
I can, therefore I am. - Simone Weil
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. - Jack London
Only the educated are free. - Epictetus
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand. - Woodrow Wilson
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned. - Peter Marshall
Wherever you are - be all there. - Jim Elliot
No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one. - Jessica Savitch
To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life. - Robert Louis Stevenson
To be a good loser is to learn how to win. - Carl Sandburg
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. - Gordon B. Hinckley
I learned that we can do anything, but we can't do everything... at least not at the same time. So think of your priorities not in terms of what activities you do, but when you do them. Timing is everything. - Dan Millman
The wise does at once what the fool does at last. - Baltasar Gracian
We make the world we live in and shape our own environment. - Orison Swett Marden
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often. - Brian Tracy
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail. - John Donne
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine. - Flip Wilson
The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare. - Bobby Knight
I really believe that everyone has a talent, ability, or skill that he can mine to support himself and to succeed in life. - Dean Koontz
If you've got a talent, protect it. - Jim Carrey
The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name. - Sylvia Browne
Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life. - Jimmy Dean
I was motivated to be different in part because I was different. - Donna Brazile
One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals. - Michael Korda
The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something. - Muhammad Iqbal
The dog that trots about finds a bone. - Golda Meir
If you think you can do it, you can. - John Burroughs
One may miss the mark by aiming too high as too low. - Thomas Fuller
Do not weep do not wax indignant. Understand. - Baruch Spinoza
There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves. - Richard Rorty
You never know what motivates you. - Cicely Tyson
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting. - Christopher Morley
Film spectators are quiet vampires. - Jim Morrison
Am I a romantic? I've seen 'Wuthering Heights' ten times. I'm a romantic. - Johnny Depp
You know what your problem is, it's that you haven't seen enough movies - all of life's riddles are answered in the movies. - Steve Martin
This film cost $31 million. With that kind of money I could have invaded some country. - Clint Eastwood
Movies can and do have tremendous influence in shaping young lives in the realm of entertainment towards the ideals and objectives of normal adulthood. - Walt Disney
There's only one thing that can kill the movies, and that's education. - Will Rogers
The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself. - Will Rogers
The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder. - Alfred Hitchcock
A film is - or should be - more like music than like fiction. It should be a progression of moods and feelings. The theme, what's behind the emotion, the meaning, all that comes later. - Stanley Kubrick
A film is never really good unless the camera is an eye in the head of a poet. - Orson Welles
If my films don't show a profit, I know I'm doing something right. - Woody Allen
I never enjoyed working in a film. - Marlene Dietrich
Everything makes me nervous - except making films. - Elizabeth Taylor
It's the movies that have really been running things in America ever since they were invented. They show you what to do, how to do it, when to do it, how to feel about it, and how to look how you feel about it. - Andy Warhol
A wide screen just makes a bad film twice as bad. - Samuel Goldwyn
A good film is when the price of the dinner, the theatre admission and the babysitter were worth it. - Alfred Hitchcock
So, where's the Cannes Film Festival being held this year? - Christina Aguilera
Cinema is the most beautiful fraud in the world. - Jean-Luc Godard
A lot of movies are about life, mine are like a slice of cake. - Alfred Hitchcock
A story should have a beginning, a middle and an end, but not necessarily in that order. - Jean-Luc Godard
Movies are like an expensive form of therapy for me. - Tim Burton
Shoot a few scenes out of focus. I want to win the foreign film award. - Billy Wilder
A film is a petrified fountain of thought. - Jean Cocteau
I don't take the movies seriously, and anyone who does is in for a headache. - Bette Davis
Why should people go out and pay money to see bad films when they can stay at home and see bad television for nothing? - Samuel Goldwyn
Every great film should seem new every time you see it. - Roger Ebert
Cinema is a matter of what's in the frame and what's out. - Martin Scorsese
Even if I set out to make a film about a fillet of sole, it would be about me. - Federico Fellini
I think cinema, movies, and magic have always been closely associated. The very earliest people who made film were magicians. - Francis Ford Coppola
The secret to film is that it's an illusion. - George Lucas
Give me a couple of years, and I'll make that actress an overnight success. - Samuel Goldwyn
The movies we love and admire are to some extent a function of who we are when we see them. - Mary Schmich
Adding sound to movies would be like putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo. - Mary Pickford
Everyone told me to pass on Speed because it was a 'bus movie.' - Sandra Bullock
You can map your life through your favorite movies, and no two people's maps will be the same. - Mary Schmich
Film lovers are sick people. - Francois Truffaut
Most of us do not consciously look at movies. - Roger Ebert
You read a script and its based on 'Reservoir Dogs' and 'Pulp Fiction', and it goes right in the bin. - Tim Roth
Everybody's a filmmaker today. - John Milius
I'm married to the theater but my mistress is the films. - Oskar Werner
I don't think you should feel about a film. You should feel about a woman, not a movie. You can't kiss a movie. - Jean-Luc Godard
If you don't like my movies, don't watch them. - Dario Argento
There's an electrical thing about movies. - Oliver Stone
I make movies I want to see. - Neil LaBute
Citizen Kane is perhaps the one American talking picture that seems as fresh now as the day it opened. It may seem even fresher. - Pauline Kael
Movies are something people see all over the world because there is a certain need for it. - Wim Wenders
Movies are an art form that is very available to the masses. - Richard King
Movies are a complicated collision of literature, theatre, music and all the visual arts. - Yahoo Serious
Every single art form is involved in film, in a way. - Sydney Pollack
When you make a film you usually make a film about an idea. - Sydney Pollack
I was obsessed with romance. When I was in high school, I saw 'Doctor Zhivago' every day from the day it opened until the day it left the theater. - John Hughes
And in movies you must be a gambler. To produce films is to gamble. - Douglas Sirk
Movies are not scripts - movies are films they're not books, they're not the theatre. - Nicolas Roeg
I just like movies that somehow expose the world in a way that's different than you imagine it. - Alex Winter
I've always been an animal lover. I've grown up with dogs my whole life. I think that is what helped me get the role on 'Lassie', I was comfortable around the dog, where many of the kids were afraid or intimidated by Lassie. - Will Estes
Sometimes in movies, I still have to be the hero, but it's not all that important to me anymore. - Dennis Quaid
Nobody makes movies bad on purpose. - Roland Emmerich
'Home Alone' was a movie, not an alibi. - Jerry Orbach
It couldn't sound like a dog, because K9 isn't a dog, but I made it sound as mechanical as possible. - John Leeson
We are the movies and the movies are us. - David Ansen
Everything I learned I learned from the movies. - Audrey Hepburn
Some of my foster families used to send me to the movies to get me out of the house and there I'd sit all day and way into the night. Up in front, there with the screen so big, a little kid all alone, and I loved it. I loved anything that moved up there and I didn't miss anything that happened and there was no popcorn either. - Marilyn Monroe
My skin is hard when it comes to my music. But with my movies, I'm still a virgin in a lot of ways. I'm not used to being shot down for no reason. - Will Smith
I think with movies I am really connecting to the Joseph Campbell idea of the collective unconscious. - Will Smith
Over the years all these vampire movies have come out and nobody looks like a vampire anymore. - Johnny Depp
There's a lot of great movies that have won the Academy Award, and a lot of great movies that haven't. You just do the best you can. - Clint Eastwood
Movies are a fad. Audiences really want to see live actors on a stage. - Charlie Chaplin
Advertising is a racket, like the movies and the brokerage business. You cannot be honest without admitting that its constructive contribution to humanity is exactly minus zero. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
One of my movies was called 'True Lies.' It's what the Democrats should have called their convention. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Minimalism seems closest to the sophisticated storytelling of movies. Movies have really educated contemporary audiences to be the most intelligent, sophisticated audiences in history. We don't any longer need to have the relationship between one scene and the next explained. We will figure it out ourselves. - Chuck Palahniuk
And I believe that you never be limited in what you do, so I like to do movies, I like to do television. - Harvey Fierstein
Movies are all about plot. Theater, even if it's story heavy, it's about ideas. - Harvey Fierstein
Theater has to resonate in your heart in a way that movies don't. - Harvey Fierstein
I was striving to be the most muscular man, and it got me into the movies. It got me everything that I have. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
I love the movies, and when I go to see a movie that's been made from one of my books, I know that it isn't going to be exactly like my novel because a lot of other people have interpreted it. But I also know it has an idea that I'll like because that idea occurred to me, and I spent a year, or a year and a half of my life working on it. - Stephen King
Somebody asked me about the current choice we're being given in the presidential election. I said, Well, it's like two of the scariest movies I can imagine. - Dean Koontz
To me, movies and music go hand in hand. When I'm writing a script, one of the first things I do is find the music I'm going to play for the opening sequence. - Quentin Tarantino
The only reason anyone goes to Broadway is because they can't get work in the movies. - Bette Davis
By going to the movies, and because of other things, too, going to college, making a wide variety of friends, moving around traveling, I became a lot more open-minded than the heritage I was born into might have suggested. - Roger Ebert
I wanted to do another movie that could make us laugh and cry and feel good about the world. I wanted to do something else that could make us smile. This is a time when we need to smile more and Hollywood movies are supposed to do that for people in difficult times. - Steven Spielberg
When I was a boy, I always saw myself as a hero in comic books and in movies. I grew up believing this dream. - Elvis Presley
So, one way or another, I found myself in a few movies. I take it seriously when I'm on the set, but I don't take myself seriously as an actor. - Henry Rollins
Movies always are open to being remade because times change so much, and the tempo of movies changes. I think of it like a James Bond. They can have different actors play the same role... I've had people come up to me and say, 'We want to remake 'The Jerk' with so and so.' And I say, 'Fine.' It just doesn't bother me. It's an honor actually. - Steve Martin
I realized this is what God has dealt me, and I should be thankful considering all that's happened to me in my life, but MS caused the movies to stop - stop dead - and I miss it. - Richard Pryor
My mom took me to see Carnal Knowledge and The Wild Bunch and all these kind of movies when I was a kid. - Quentin Tarantino
Movies are not about the weekend that they're released, and in the grand scheme of things, that's probably the most unimportant time of a film's life. - Quentin Tarantino
I'm not a Hollywood basher because enough good movies come out of the Hollywood system every year to justify its existence, without any apologies. - Quentin Tarantino
Movies are my religion and God is my patron. I'm lucky enough to be in the position where I don't make movies to pay for my pool. When I make a movie, I want it to be everything to me like I would die for it. - Quentin Tarantino
If you just love movies enough, you can make a good one. - Quentin Tarantino
All my movies are achingly personal. - Quentin Tarantino
I have loved movies as the number one thing in my life so long that I can't ever remember a time when I didn't. - Quentin Tarantino
I just grew up watching a lot of movies. I'm attracted to this genre and that genre, this type of story, and that type of story. As I watch movies I make some version of it in my head that isn't quite what I'm seeing - taking the things I like and mixing them with stuff I've never seen before. - Quentin Tarantino
Some mornings you wake up and think, gee I look handsome today. Other days I think, what am I doing in the movies? I wanna go back to Ireland and drive a forklift. - Liam Neeson
I don't really have a schedule of when I want to show my children my movies. - Steven Spielberg
I was making a lot of 8mm home movies, since I was twelve, making little dramas and comedies with the neighborhood kids. - Steven Spielberg
Sexiness, particularly in movies, is the chess game in the 'Thomas Crown Affair'. It's, it's, I don't know, but Faye Dunaway comes up a lot in that thinking. It's the subtlety of sexiness. The moment you try to be sexy, then it's not. - Daniel Craig
I didn't grow up thinking of movies as film, or art, but as movies, something to do on a Saturday afternoon. - Sydney Pollack
I have been pregnant in so many movies it's ridiculous. - Jennifer Aniston
There are a lot of movies that are unbelievable successes that I would be mortified to be a part of. - Jennifer Aniston
My nominee for Best Picture of the year - maybe the best picture ever, because it's essentially made up of and is an ecstatic love letter to all other movies - is Christian Marclay's endlessly enticing must-see masterpiece 'The Clock.' - Jerry Saltz
I am in so many movies that are on TV at 2:00 a.m. that people think I am dead. - Michael Caine
I've been really enjoying writing articles and writing music and music for movies. - Alanis Morissette
I worked very hard on those movies but there was some creative connection that wasn't being made. - Michael J. Fox
I can be in 20 movies. But I'll never be an actor. - Jon Stewart
My dream role would probably be a psycho killer, because the whole thing I love about movies is that you get to do things you could never do in real life, and that would be my way of vicariously experiencing being a psycho killer. Also, it's incredibly romantic. - Christina Ricci
In life and in movies, it's a similar challenge, where you have expectations, and you end up in situations that are not meeting your expectations. - Jeff Bridges
Sex is a doorway to something so powerful and mystical, but movies usually depict it in a completely flat way. - David Lynch
Right now, my job is that I'm like an ambulance chaser. I've got to look for movies with white guys falling out of them. - Chris Rock
Movies have takes. But plays are like life - you don't really get takes. - Chris Rock
Dude, I didn't say Jude Law can't act. I didn't say Jude Law was in bad movies. I just said he's in every movie. - Chris Rock
My movies are okay, but they're not my specials. - Chris Rock
I'm not bragging but my movies have grossed well over a billion dollars. - Steve Guttenberg
I'm obsessed with zombies. I like watching zombie movies and I read zombie books. - Kevin Bacon
Not only do I have to live, right, I have to get some cash for my troubles - it's a scary thing, and people need to start to think about the messages that they send in the movies. - Morgan Freeman
Movies are like magic tricks. - Jeff Bridges
I'd maybe done about 12 movies when I decided that this was what I was going to do. - Jeff Bridges
I'm used to watching old movies of myself. - Jeff Bridges
Movies are very subjective. - Jeff Bridges
Normally, I love to go to the movies and when I see a character portrayed by different actors at different ages, it kind of pops a little bit for me. It brings me out of the movie experience. Now we have the technology to cure that. - Jeff Bridges
I'm very much into the costuming of any character that I portray and it's one of the great things about making movies is it's a collaborative art form so you get all these artists who are looking specifically about for this instance your character's costume and what that might tell about your character. - Jeff Bridges
I think there's a real joy in going to see movies when you discover them yourself. - Jeff Bridges
Nowadays it seems more and more like the 'business' in 'show business' is underlined, and there are campaigns, and it's all part of getting people in to see the movies. - Jeff Bridges
Even in India the Hindi film industry might be the best known but there are movies made in other regional languages in India, be it Tamil or Bengali. Those experiences too are different from the ones in Bombay. - Aishwarya Rai
I remember being on film sets when I was younger, and only men got to do the cool action movies. So I thought, 'Maybe I'll get to produce one day and get to do cool stuff too,' which is what happened when we did 'Charlie's Angels.' Starting my production company was a big turning point for me. - Drew Barrymore
Becoming emancipated at 14, my life wasn't normal. I didn't have to go to school, so I didn't. I was rebellious by nature. I spent my 20s focusing on my company, Flower Films, and producing movies. Now that I'm almost 30, I would like to try other things in lie. I'm crazy about photography, and I want to take an art history class. - Drew Barrymore
I love doing normal things - movies, shopping, going out with friends, writing, reading, taking hot bubble baths - that's a big one for relaxation. I also love to go to art and history museums. - Christina Aguilera
You know, I think the film business is its own worst enemy because it sells movies on DVD footage and 'behind the scenes,' and now it's a real struggle trying to keep storylines and plotlines a secret. - Daniel Craig
Later on they send me to Hollywood. To make movies. It was all new to me. I was only 21 years old. - Elvis Presley
The next thing I knew, I was out of the service and making movies again. My first picture was called, GI Blues. I thought I was still in the army. - Elvis Presley
If there's specific resistance to women making movies, I just choose to ignore that as an obstacle for two reasons: I can't change my gender, and I refuse to stop making movies. - Kathryn Bigelow
Everyone related to me in my circle was from church: church friends, church school, church activities. All my friends weren't allowed to watch MTV or go to PG-13 movies or listen to the radio, so I didn't really know anything different. That's how I was raised. - Katy Perry
My whole life has been movies and religion. That's it. Nothing else. - Martin Scorsese
Very often I've known people who wouldn't say a word to each other, but they'd go to see movies together and experience life that way. - Martin Scorsese
I've seen many, many movies over the years, and there are only a few that suddenly inspire you so much that you want to continue to make films. - Martin Scorsese
I think less is more when it comes to kissing in the movies. - Julia Roberts
I'm doing 'Les Miserables,' the movie. I've done a lot of musicals and a lot of movies, and I know there are not a lot of people in Hollywood who have been down those two paths so I've been like, 'Come on, let's do a movie/musical.' - Hugh Jackman
I have done many movies that people hadn't seen. 'The Fountain,' I spent a year on that. 'The Prestige' with Chris Nolan, and 'Australia.' From my perspective it's very satisfying. Some movies people see and other movies they don't. 'Wolverine,' 'X Men,' I know that in some level people know me just for that and it's fine for me. - Hugh Jackman
The best movies are simple. - Shia LaBeouf
Nobody makes movies like Oliver Stone. - Shia LaBeouf
I'm not a strikingly handsome guy, but I'm in movies. - Shia LaBeouf
I was always raised on cowboy films, and then when I could start making choices about the movies I wanted to watch I found myself wanting to watch gangster films which were slightly more sophisticated than the baseline stuff that was in westerns. - Shia LaBeouf
Basically, there's not enough sex in movies, that's it. I'm trying to say it, people. I miss sex in movies because sex is natural, guns are not. - Zoe Saldana
You know those movies where the people in the audience are screaming, 'Don't go in that door!' because you know the killer is there? Well, it is the same thing with this debt. We know how this ends. - Marco Rubio
I sure lost my musical direction in Hollywood. My songs were the same conveyer belt mass production, just like most of my movies were. - Elvis Presley
Those movies sure got me into a rut. - Elvis Presley
Too much TV hurts movies. - Elvis Presley
Funny things happen to you in movies for silly reasons. - Michael Caine
January is the garbage can of movies in America, directly after all the Oscar contenders have been out. - Michael Caine
My wife comes with me on all the movies, but she is not an appendage to a film star or anything like that. She is a completely intertwined partner. She is the other half of me. Also, we're still very much in love with each other. We always have been, we always will be. - Michael Caine
My mother had to send me to the movies with my birth certificate, so that I wouldn't have to pay the extra fifty cents that the adults had to pay. - Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
I don't know what it was, maybe the movie theaters in my immediate surrounding neighbourhood in Burbank, but I never saw what would be considered A movies. - Tim Burton
I never really got nightmares from movies. In fact, I recall my father saying when I was three years old that I would be scared, but I never was. - Tim Burton
I don't want to criticize any other designers, but I have to say that many of the people involved in this industry - directors and producers - are trying to make their games more like movies. They are longing to make movies rather than making videogames. - Shigeru Miyamoto
Even the worst Bond movies, there's something to love about them. - Daniel Craig
I see a lot of movies. I love films as a spectator, and that's never obscured by the part of me that does the work myself. I just love going to the movies. - Daniel Day-Lewis
Where I come from, it was a heresy to say you wanted to be in movies, leave alone American movies. - Daniel Day-Lewis
My children have never watched any of my films. Charlie knows that daddy makes movies, but he says they are not good enough for him to watch. - Russell Crowe
I'm not an admirer of action movies. I just think, Oh my God, it must be so tiring. - Catherine Deneuve
How do people relate to movies now, when they're on portable devices or streaming them? It's not as much about going to the movies. That experience has changed. - Keanu Reeves
Economically, it's more expensive to make movies. I hope digital movies change that. - Ang Lee
In life, single women are the most vulnerable adults. In movies, they are given imaginary power. - Elizabeth Wurtzel
I still like the run and gun action movies and how truly dangerous it can be to make these films. - Megan Fox
When I was a little boy I used to borrow my father's hat, and make a press card to stick in the hat band. That was the way reporters were always portrayed in the movies. - Charles Kuralt
Frankly, I got into the movies because I like the movies a lot. - Jack Nicholson
I really don't have favorites I'm just a fan of movies, period. - Michael Clarke Duncan
Hollywood is throwing action movies at me. - Liam Neeson
I had done some flimflam movies, but I didn't understand what being an actor meant anymore. - Liam Neeson
Before 'Schindler's List,' I wouldn't have believed movies had a lot of power for social change. - Liam Neeson
A lot of the struggle I had with movies is I really loved moments and tones and feelings in a scene, and I loved creating those, but I never really had great stories to string them together. - Louis C. K.
You take somebody that cries their goddam eyes out over phoney stuff in the movies, and nine times out of ten they're mean bastards at heart. - J. D. Salinger
Sure, 'Twilight' is really huge right now and everybody's freaking out over it, but it will go away soon and I will be back to doing what I'm used to doing: weird little movies that nobody sees. - Kristen Stewart
I go to the movies a lot, and I regret when I see some actor that I used to like, to find them offering no more surprises. - Catherine Deneuve
I live very normally, I go out with my friends, we go to the movies, I queue, we go to restaurants. - Catherine Deneuve
Bruce Lee was very famous. I watched his movies and he is amazing. He is a martial arts master, his philosophy, his movement, both physically and mentally, were very strong. - Jet Li
When we talk about how movies used to be made, it was over 100 years of film, literal, physical film, with emulsion, that we would expose to light and we would get pictures. - Keanu Reeves
The whole world loves American movies, blue jeans, jazz and rock and roll. It is probably a better way to get to know our country than by what politicians or airline commercials represent. - Billy Joel
In the past I've made movies that were pretty universally liked. You can't really hate them. You can discard them, but you can't really hate them. - Ang Lee
I look at American movies, the big muscles, and try to apply that to Chinese film-making. - Ang Lee
I have a lot of repression. So repression is what I make movies about. - Ang Lee
I think a lot of people do big movies not because they are talented artists but because they can function in the circumstances. - Ang Lee
Thinking back to those earlier days, I felt I was weak when I wasn't making movies, and then when I was, I thought I was weak as a family member. - Ang Lee
Making movies is a way of understanding myself and the world. - Ang Lee
After making several tragic movies in a row, I was looking to do a comedy, and one without cynicism. - Ang Lee
3D is quite a lot more advanced in animated movies for live-action movies we're just taking baby steps, we're just in the beginning. - Ang Lee
I have a very busy life, and not many people who have a career and four kids go out a lot to the movies. - Meryl Streep
I knew that there were black people in Africa, of course, unfortunately because of movies such as 'Tarzan.' - Henry Louis Gates
My family and our neighbors and friends thought of Africa and its Africans as extensions of the stereotyped characters that we saw in movies and on television in films such as 'Tarzan' and in programs such as 'Ramar of the Jungle' and 'Sheena, Queen of the Jungle.' - Henry Louis Gates
I like to hang out with my friends. I love music. I like to go to the movies. I like to eat. I like to cook. - Joan Jett
I think that's what distinguishes Schmidt, really. In the movies now, so much of what is appealing to an audience is the dramatic or has to do with science fiction, and Schmidt is simply human. There's no melodrama there's no device, It's just about a human being. - Jack Nicholson
Movies make you immortal and ageless. - Kristin Scott Thomas
I grew up watching all these crazy movies, European movies and stuff, and I guess that I always laughed at things that were a little more offbeat. - Louis C. K.
I don't like comedy. I like funny things. I don't like comedy. Like, comedy movies are just, 'Oh Jesus.' - Louis C. K.
For me the greatest source of income is still movies. Nothing - stocks, financial speculation, real estate speculation or businesses - makes more money for me than making movies. - Jackie Chan
I will make action movies, I think, for a few more years, another five years. - Jackie Chan
Sometimes when we weep in the movies we weep for ourselves or for a life unlived. Or we even go to the movies because we want to resist the emotion that's there in front of us. I think there is always a catharsis that I look for and that makes the movie experience worthwhile. - Edward Zwick
If people are constantly reading about you, and you're overexposed, they've got no reason to go see your movies. Also, it's not pleasant or nice to have your privacy invaded. - John Cusack
I think it's better to be involved in one or two movies a year. - Eric Cantona
They say I can open movies, and that's nice in that it puts into people's minds that women can do it. It's not just Kevin Costner, not just Arnold Schwarzenegger. Not just the guys. - Julia Roberts
Making movies is not rocket science. It's about relationships and communication and strangers coming together to see if they can get along harmoniously, productively, and creatively. That's a challenge. When it works, it's fantastic and will lift you up. When it doesn't work, it's almost just as fascinating. - Julia Roberts
I've made so many movies playing a hooker that they don't pay me in the regular way anymore. They leave it on the dresser. - Shirley MacLaine
And what I like about it is it makes me happy and I think it makes a lot of people happy to go to the movies and to not think about the problems of the day or the problems of tomorrow or the yesterday and just go on for the ride and have the fun of losing oneself in a fantasy. - Nicolas Cage
Now on Friday nights, if I want to go hang out with friends, I go hang out with friends. If I want to stay in and be in the hot tub and have people over to watch movies, I do that. - Demi Lovato
I've had some movies that have been ridiculed, but that's OK with me. I don't feel that really defines me. Should I change who I am to be popular? - Kevin Costner
I wasn't allowed to go to movies when I was kid my father was a minister. 101 Dalmatians and King of Kings, that was the extent of it. - Denzel Washington
I don't want to make movies for kids, and I don't want to make movies for adults either. - Kristen Stewart
Robots have a rich and storied history in movies. - John Podhoretz
What people adore about superhero movies is the signal quality of the Christopher Nolan films - their complete lack of irony when it comes to the portrayal of heroism and the need for heroes to confront evil. - John Podhoretz
Well, everyone likes movies when they're a little kid. - Anthony Hopkins
I made two movies before The Police had a hit record: I did Quadrophenia and a film called Radio On. - Sting
I have realized that I hate going to the premieres of the movies that I'm in. Because I feel this tension after the movie is over that everyone feels obligated to say something nice to you. It's so unnatural and uncomfortable. - Amanda Seyfried
I do love the films I've done in the past. I work hard in my movies and my friends work hard and we're trying to make people laugh and I'm very proud of that. - Adam Sandler
I played Winnie Cooper on 'The Wonder Years' from ages 12-18, and did a few other movies during some of the summers. - Danica McKellar
I used to love to go to the movies - I'd see two in a row. A few times I even snuck into the second movie after it started... now that I think about it, that's kind of like shoplifting! Needless to say, I still love going to the movies, but I don't sneak in anymore. - Danica McKellar
Even when I was a little kid, I always said I would be in the movies one day, and damned if I didn't make it. - Richard Pryor
I really like children to watch my movies. - Jackie Chan
I've choreographed all of my movies. - Jackie Chan
When I got depressed, I watched Bruce Lee movies. I learned everything from Bruce Lee. - Jackie Chan
Most of the time it's the role. Sometimes it's the story and sometimes it just the paycheck. It's the little movies that come out as stories or the fact that I have work to go out, you know what I'm saying, you can only be out so long without work, you start getting antsy. - Morgan Freeman
It can have an enormous effect because big budget movies can have big budget perks, and small budget movies have no perks, but what is the driving force, of course, is the script, and your part in it. - Morgan Freeman
People need to start to think about the messages that they send in the movies. - Morgan Freeman
Any time you stop looking at evil as a black and white thing, it's helpful. So the fact that there won't be any obligatory Islamic terrorist stereotypes in movies any more, that'd be helpful. - John Cusack
The movies I made early on may not have been great, but they were all commercially successful. - Christina Ricci
Movies such as 'Mr. Smith Goes to Washington' in 1939 to 'Dave' in 1993 portray Washington leaders as the ultimate Everymen - decent people just like you and me, only thrust onto greatness. - Ron Fournier
I do not quote my own movies. I think I would be pretty insufferable if I did. - Diablo Cody
People don't have these tidy little redemption arcs in reality the way they do in movies. - Diablo Cody
I'm not an especially highbrow person, but I have always loved small, quirky, edgy movies. - Diablo Cody
I don't know why, but I've always been a sucker for roller coasters in movies. - Diablo Cody
Oh, I adored Mickey Mouse when I was a child. He was the emblem of happiness and funniness. You went to the movies then, you saw two movies and a short. When Mickey Mouse came on the screen and there was his big head, my sister said she had to hold onto me. I went berserk. - Maurice Sendak
Going to the movies was a big event in my youth. My father would be the initiator - he'd have me put on a jacket to see a film. - Ralph Fiennes
You can't work in the movies. Movies are all about lighting. Very few filmmakers will concentrate on the story. You get very little rehearsal time, so anything you do onscreen is a kind of speed painting. - John Malkovich
I like very much to do movies. - John Malkovich
I like to direct movies, but I don't like to goof around for eight years talking about it. - John Malkovich
Quite often - a lot of the work I had done had been extensively with women. Most especially in the theater, but also quite often in the movies. That has its own delights, and maybe pitfalls too. - John Malkovich
You have to read scripts and audition and develop relationships. It takes a long time to develop a body of work but over the last 25 years I guess I've done that many movies. In hindsight it may seem effortless, but there's a lot of work that goes into it. - Harry Connick, Jr.
More and more major businesses and industries are being run on software and delivered as online services - from movies to agriculture to national defense. - Marc Andreessen
Steven Spielberg is unique. I feel that the kinds of movies he loves are the same kinds of movies that the big mass audience loves. He's very fortunate because he can do the things he naturally likes the best, and he's been very successful. - Francis Ford Coppola
When newspapers started to publish the box office scores of movies, I was horrified. Those results are totally fake because they never include the promotion budget. - Francis Ford Coppola
I wanted to write and direct movies and not be forced to adapt them from a bestselling book. - Francis Ford Coppola
I'm no longer dependent on the movie business to make a living. So if I want to make movies as other old guys would play golf, I can. - Francis Ford Coppola
I've been offered lots of movies. There's always some actor who's doing a project and would like to have me do it. But you look at the project and think, 'Gee, there are a lot of good directors who could do that.' I'd like to do something only I can do. - Francis Ford Coppola
People feel the worst film I made was 'Jack.' But to this day, when I get checks from old movies I've made, 'Jack' is one of the biggest ones. No one knows that. If people hate the movie, they hate the movie. I just wanted to work with Robin Williams. - Francis Ford Coppola
I'm not mad about movies, there are too many people involved in the making of them, and they lack a definitive creative focus. - David Bailey
I had to act in a school play when I was about ten years old. I really didn't want to do it. But everyone had to do it so I didn't have a choice. A talent agent came and watched it and later gave me some work. It's funny because I'd always known that I wanted a movie career. I just didn't think that I would be in the movies. - Kristen Stewart
I like being in movies that have a great story. I'm not so interested in being a Hollywood star. It's a job, you know. When you wake up at six in the morning every day for a week, it feels like hard work. - Kristen Stewart
I mean, I love L.A. - I love living here. But I wish that we could make things without the need to hit a home run every single time. It's a unique thing to Hollywood that if you don't do that every time, then you're considered a failure. But it's like, 'Well, are you making movies to be successful? Or are you making movies to learn something?' - Kristen Stewart
It's not like I sit around watching my movies again and again, but I've never quite believed actors when they say they don't watch themselves. - Kristen Stewart
It's a funny thing: You want so badly for people to see what you do - you're proud of it - and I like the effect that movies have on people. But the attention can also make me uncomfortable. - Kristen Stewart
Very often when I go in to meet for movies or pilots, I'm put on videotape. I hate the notion that that tape is going to sit on a shelf and never get better. - David Ogden Stiers
I love movies that make me cry, because they're tapping into a real emotion in me, and I always think afterwards: how did they do that? - John Lasseter
The reason I chose the movies that I did was based on where they were being filmed. - Meryl Streep
I mean, why am I considered an 'it girl?' Because I'm in a lot of movies right now or am on the covers of magazines? I just hope there is something solid behind that. Because here's the thing with 'it girl' status. It's great and amazing that anybody is saying that at all. But how long does that last? - Amanda Seyfried
It's like why people read scary books or go see scary movies. Because it creates a distance. They're scared, but they're not going to get hurt. - Vincent D'Onofrio
I wanted to be in Jim Carrey comedy movies before I met him. I wanted to be a comedian on Stage 19, yukking it up. - Jenny McCarthy
I wouldn't like to be in movies. Movie people are strange. They live a different life than musicians do. - Stevie Nicks
I love scary movies. I like blood and gore, and I love Halloween movies. - Carrie Underwood
My movies just kind of sneak up on you. I don't have to worry too much about what everybody is going to say. Anyway, I really don't pay attention to what the world says about my movies. I just care about what my buddies think. - Adam Sandler
I'm not looking to get away from anything. I like what I've done. I like what I get to do and I enjoy working with my friends. I loved those movies, but this is incredible. - Adam Sandler
Kids end up seeing my movies anyway but some of the mothers get mad at me so I figured I'd make one that I can't get yelled at for. - Adam Sandler
I like movies I can relate to. - Kim Cattrall
I don't know many women who can relate to Sharon Stone and the kind of movies she does. I don't know a lot of guys who can relate to Tom Cruise's movies because they're on a kind of fantastic level. - Kim Cattrall
There are some movies that I would like to forget, for the rest of my life. But even those movies teach me things. - Antonio Banderas
I feel like a lot of the female relationships I see on TV or in movies are in some way free of the kind of jealousy and anxiety and posturing that has been such a huge part of my female friendships, which I hope lessens a little bit with age. - Lena Dunham
I spent all my time on my movies worried that people were eating and that the schedule was being kept, so to have experts in those areas giving me the brain space as a writer and director is huge. - Lena Dunham
Movies are movies, and I don't think any of them are going to hurt the moral fiber of America and all that nonsense. - Richard Pryor
I like the George Romero films, which were really great, social satire movies really twisted. - John Cusack
I love these movies where it's just about the film. You don't have my face on the poster. It's all about the movie. I like that. - John Cusack
It seems to me that one thing people do over and over again is try to figure out how to get married, stay married, fall in love, how to rekindle all this stuff. It seems to me to be a pretty eternal theme so I don't know if you can get typecast from making movies about men relating to women. It seems to be what is going on on the planet a lot. - John Cusack
The movies have got more corporate, they're making fewer movies in general, and those they are making are all $200-$300m tent-pole releases that eat up all the oxygen. - John Cusack
Usually I do everything reverse. I practice something in movies and then I try it in real life. - John Cusack
I don't want to produce anymore small or independent movies because it's just too hard these days. - John Cusack
I was never into the popular school or clique or anything. Then I started doing movies when I was in high school, so then I got popular. Then the girls paid attention to you who didn't before. - John Cusack
My dad had a commercial film company, so he had a videotape player before anyone. So he got Mel Brooks movies or Citizen Kane or some classic old movies. And every summer the revival house in Evanston would show the great films from the '50s and '60s and '70s. - John Cusack
I think being self-referential is really narcissistic. Who's to say anybody's even thinking of you that much? But some of these movies that I've done, people still recite lines to me, even 20 years later. - John Cusack
It's like those high-school yearbook photos that everyone would rather not see: Oh my God, look at that mullet hair. I have those photos too, but for me, they're, like, entire movies. And they show them on cable. - John Cusack
Most movies, once the action starts there's no more characters. You say a couple of dumb lines and then there's just explosions until the end. - John Cusack
Being alone is scarier than any boogey man and the reason why I don't choose to see Horror movies as a rule. - Tom Sizemore
You go back to those films of the '40s and '50s and hear the dialogue, the way the people played off each other - the wordplay. I think we've really lost that in movies. - Clive Owen
I go off and make movies I come home, and I'm a dad and I hang with my girls. - Clive Owen
The financial implode is bound to be reflected in the movies that are being made, there's no question. - Clive Owen
A huge part of acting in movies is appetite. You do your best work when you've got a lot of appetite and you really want to embrace something. When you get tired, you don't have that hunger. - Clive Owen
Obviously, I'm attracted to heavier movies. - Clive Owen
I want to be in movies that stand the test of time. - Clive Owen
Ultimately, to have a career in movies, to a certain extent, certainly in England, you can't sustain a career in just English movies. - Clive Owen
A lot of times you get credit for stuff in your movies you didn't intend to be there. - Spike Lee
In the Rodgers and Hammerstein generation, popular hits came out of shows and movies. - Stephen Sondheim
You're creating new things in movies and people are going to steal them. - Daniel Craig
When you're making movies you've got to get obsessive. - Daniel Craig
I guess you could say I've been in my share of violent movies. - Daniel Craig
I was sick and tired of being an English actor who did a lot of American movies because I was cheap and good. - Daniel Craig
I always wanted to make movies. - Daniel Craig
If I wanted to make spy movies for the rest of my life, that would be one thing, but I don't want to just make spy movies. - Daniel Craig
Some people think literature is high culture and that it should only have a small readership. I don't think so... I have to compete with popular culture, including TV, magazines, movies and video games. - Haruki Murakami
It's the contemporary woman that movies don't know what to do with, other than bathe her in a bridal glow in romantic comedies where both the romance and the comedy are artificial sweeteners. - James Wolcott
People talk about mumblecore but I prefer bumblecore, hyper-realistic bee movies about how bees really are. - Mindy Kaling
I have a great job writing for 'The Office,' but, really, all television writers do is dream of one day writing movies. I'll put it this way: At the Oscars the most famous person in the room is, like, Angelina Jolie. At the Emmys the huge exciting celebrity is Bethenny Frankel. You get what I mean. - Mindy Kaling
Woody Allen is really the ultimate. I love that he believed in himself enough to do what he did. And I have that same feeling - that there's nobody that looks like me in movies, nobody would cast me as a romantic lead, but I want to do it and I feel confident that I can. - Mindy Kaling
I think these movies are as much for people of that time as for people who weren't born. For people who weren't born, they see how leaders must act under a crisis situation, not trying to be re-elected or not trying to check polls, that they go from their gut check. - Kevin Costner
I'm not a film buff. I don't watch a lot of movies. - Denzel Washington
Growing up I didn't watch movies. - Denzel Washington
It's simple: You get a part. You play a part. You play it well. You do your work and you go home. And what is wonderful about movies is that once they're done, they belong to the people. Once you make it, it's what they see. That's where my head is at. - Denzel Washington
I tend to think of action movies as exuberant morality plays in which good triumphs over evil. - Sylvester Stallone
I made some truly awful movies. 'Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot' was the worst. If you ever want someone to confess to murder just make him or her sit through that film. They will confess to anything after 15 minutes. - Sylvester Stallone
Now, if you are like me - if you are like practically anybody in America - then you probably hold some negative opinions about the French, based upon movies, rumors, recent headlines, unfortunate run-ins with Parisian waiters, or... you know... all that unpleasantness surrounding the Vichy regime. - Elizabeth Gilbert
Movies were never an art form, they were entertainment. It just evolved into an art form from there, and it's still evolving in different ways. - David Mamet
I'm not impressed by someone's degree... I'm impressed by them making movies. - Richard King
I love horror, I love scary movies, I love thrillers. If things creep you out and spook you? I love it. - Lana Parrilla
Although charismatic, James Dean is no Harrison Ford. In the majority of his movies, sooner or later he got the crap beaten out of him. - Dean Koontz
I think we're very complicated and we're capable of all kinds of things, and movies don't reflect that. - Ryan Gosling
I think it's more interesting to see people who don't feel appropriately. I relate to that, because sometimes I don't feel anything at all for things I'm supposed to, and other times I feel too much. It's not always like it is in the movies. - Ryan Gosling
A lot of action movies today seem to have scenes that just lead up to the action. - Jason Statham
How many movies do you see when you can say this director really knew what film he wanted to make? I can count them on the fingers of one hand. - Gary Oldman
I have three kids who like Harry Potter so I was sort of aware of it. You can't really move from it: it's on buses, in stores, it's everywhere. One of my kids has read the books the other two are too small but they like the movies. - Gary Oldman
The movies I watch and the music I listen to and the books I read - those are important to me. It's very important to me, and I don't know what I would do without those things. - Joseph Gordon-Levitt
We can now have action movies with two stars where one might be African American and one might be Asian American. One of them doesn't have to be white, and the other one doesn't have to be the ethnic sidekick. We're way over that. And I think it's happening in society, too. - Roger Ebert
I just knew that was what I wanted to do. I was going to perform as a singer I was going to perform as a dancer, and I was, you know, going to do movies and be an actress. I was going to do it or die trying. That's what my life was. - Jennifer Lopez
I feel I want to grow as an actress and be better. I want to progress as a singer and songwriter, and produce movies and everything. So there'll be no time when I feel I've done it all. - Jennifer Lopez
No, but way before that, I've been doing little dances in movies for years. Yeah, that was an amazing chance. You know, at my age to be able to do a music dance video, very unusual. - Christopher Walken
I've made movies that we're very successful that we're a complete surprise, and I've made movies that I thought we're going to be very successful that, you know. - Christopher Walken
My favorite characters are the ones that are the most successful movies. - Christopher Walken
I think that if I had grown up and had been in show business and the movies twenty five, thirty years earlier, I think I would have made a lot more musical movies. - Christopher Walken
I've made three musical movies which is pretty good considering that not many are made but I was lucky in other ways. I came along when independent movies were starting to boom. - Christopher Walken
When videotape came so a lot of movies that I do have a kind of afterlife in video. Things where movies that I do would come and go they still come and go but you can go rent them and see them on TV. - Christopher Walken
I think if you do something effectively whether you're the lover or the comic or the action guy or the villain like I play movies are very expensive to make. Chances are you'll get asked to play that part again. - Christopher Walken
I have been in movies that I thought I wasn't very good in. - Christopher Walken
I make movies that nobody will see. I've made movies that even I have never seen. - Christopher Walken
I used to be prettier than I am, but I think I look better now. I was a pretty boy. Particularly in my early movies. I don't like looking at them so much. There's a sort of pretty thing about me. - Christopher Walken
I've made movies that I thought were good. I've made movies that I thought were okay, but then I was very good. And sometimes you're in a movie and you think, I wish more people saw that - because you're good. And it just works out that the movie gets lost. But that's show business. - Christopher Walken
I aim for a lifetime full of movies. - Salma Hayek
I don't know why I don't watch a lot of movies I can barely keep up with the things my friends are in. There isn't enough time in life. - Meryl Streep
It was like in Samoa when they'd put up a movie screen on the beach and show movies and the locals would run behind the sheet to see where the people went. It was pretty grim. - Dick Wolf
And being as I'm somebody who loves movies like The Machinist, I also love going along to big mass entertainment movies. I get in the mood for all kinds of movies, and so I like to try each of them. - Christian Bale
In terms of the romantic kind of lead, I just never enjoy those movies very much. Maybe they'll come to interest me more as I get older. I doubt it, but maybe. Romantic comedies tend to be, for me, an oxymoron. - Christian Bale
There are movies that require fantasy and slightly more fantastical acting. Lines that are good for certain movies, in real life circumstances, would be absolutely unbelievable things to really say, and you would look at these people like they're freaks for conversing that way. But somehow for certain styles of movies, it works, and it seems fine. - Christian Bale
I like the idea of movies having a magic element. How many times have you seen an actor in a movie who you know only as the character? It's wonderful, isn't it? - Christian Bale
I don't get it when you get so much openness about the way movies are made, and the special effects and the behind-the-scenes stuff and all of that. I can't help but feel like this reduces it a little bit. - Christian Bale
I always leave that for other people to decide, because some of the things I consider to be disasters are some people's favorite movies. And that's what I like so much, is that you never know. Something intrigues somebody and means nothing to somebody else. - Christian Bale
I'm so grateful for what Disney gave me and the experiences that I got, but at the end of the day, I can do so much more than what I did on that channel and in those movies. - Ashley Tisdale
I can't watch scary movies right now, because living on my own, it kind of freaks me out. - Ashley Tisdale
Where I live, nobody who's fourteen is having sex and doing major drugs. And I think if you see it in the movies, you may be influenced by it. I think it's so important to preserve your innocence. - Natalie Portman
There are movies where we are interested in seeing people's lives without agreeing with what they're doing. - Natalie Portman
I never gave up on country music because I knew what I was doing was not that bad. - Willie Nelson
I'd like a male to listen to my music and find it kind of fascinating, what a girl goes through when they get heartbroken or get sad or get hurt by something. - Ellie Goulding
A lot of country music is sad. - Willie Nelson
I could always sing, from a really young age, but my voice was really weird. I used to make my mum turn up the radio every day in our house. She was well into music so I got that from her. - Ellie Goulding
There's a great enthusiasm for good country music all over the world. - Willie Nelson
I maintain that when I finally retire from my career in music, I will go and live back in Wales - when I am an old person, if I live to be an old person. The water I miss, and the air, there's something different about it. And I miss the simple life. - Ellie Goulding
I think Ray Charles did as much as anybody when he did his country music album. Ray Charles broke down borders and showed the similarities between country music and R&ampB. - Willie Nelson
I've always said that Adele has turned so many people on to British singers - whether female singers or just like music from this country in general. - Ellie Goulding
We used to play music for fun. Much more than now. Now nobody picks up a guitar unless they're paid for it. - Leonard Cohen
I'm obsessed with the countryside: woods, forests, fields, lakes, mountains. I'm really into folk music and folklore. But more so I'm into electronic music. I'm into bands that have both aspects, like Boards of Canada is a perfect example. You could listen to that type of music running through a woods. It's kind of what I wanted to achieve. - Ellie Goulding
I need music. It's like my heartbeat, so to speak. It keeps me going no matter what's going on - bad games, press, whatever! - LeBron James
I don't really have a style icon but I really admire the way people dress like Gaga, Rihanna and Gwen Stefani. It's good to be inspired by singers who write music and dress incredibly - rather than models and people in the fashion industry who dress immaculately anyway because it's their style. - Ellie Goulding
It is so characteristic, that just when the mechanics of reproduction are so vastly improved, there are fewer and fewer people who know how the music should be played. - Ludwig Wittgenstein
I met Prince William at a musical festival and he let me know he was a fan of my music. But the invitation to sing at his wedding reception came completely out of the blue. The fact that Kate and William knew the words to my songs was very touching. - Ellie Goulding
Pop changes week to week, month to month. But great music is like literature. - Ravi Shankar
I started getting these attacks in 2009, just as my music career was taking off. I'd be doing photo-shoots and started to feel like I was having heart attacks. Increasingly I found it difficult to step outside my flat. Things started to get better after I saw a therapist, who told me I needed to make peace with my panic attacks. - Ellie Goulding
I was always struck by how Picasso had no interest in music. - David Hockney
I start really missing London when I go away. I have a little flat, but very central. I live above a pub and you'd think it'd be a nightmare, but I like hearing the music and it's quite comforting. - Ellie Goulding
I am happy to make money. I want to make more money, make more music, eat Big Macs and drink Budweisers. - Kid Rock
I didn't want to go out and change anything. I just wanted to make the music that was part of my background, which was rock and blues and hip-hop. - Kid Rock
It didn't even occur to me that I'm the last person in the world who should play salsa or Brazilian music. - David Byrne
You create a community with music, not just at concerts but by talking about it with your friends. - David Byrne
I've noticed a lot of younger artists have less fear of doing different sorts of things, whether it's various types of music, or gallery artists moving between video and sculpture and drawing. - David Byrne
The making of music is profoundly affected by the market. - David Byrne
We don't make music - it makes us. - David Byrne
People are already finding ways to make their music and play it in front of people and have a life in music, I guess, and I think that's pretty much all you can ask. - David Byrne
Even from a listening end now, I'm still completely a fan of music. - James Iha
I'm not suggesting people abandon musical instruments and start playing their cars and apartments, but I do think the reign of music as a commodity made only by professionals might be winding down. - David Byrne
We tend to mistake music for the physical object. - David Byrne
I've rarely seen video screens used well in a music concert. - David Byrne
There's more good music being made now than ever before. - David Byrne
Why not invest in the future of music, instead of building fortresses to preserve its past? - David Byrne
The imminent demise of the large record companies as gatekeepers of the world's popular music is a good thing, for the most part. - David Byrne
I think I'm a music fan before anything else. - Nuno Bettencourt
So there's no guarantee if you like the music you will empathize with the culture and the people who made it. It doesn't necessarily happen. I think it can, but it doesn't necessarily happen. Which is kind of a shame. - David Byrne
I supply the music for Vampires, which is a new series that's coming out. - John Entwistle
If anything, a lot of electronic music is music that no one listens to at home, hardly. It's really only to be heard when everyone's out enjoying it. - David Byrne
Ninety percent of all music is always crap, and when too many people decide they're going to have guitar bands, then ninety percent of them are going to be crap. It's just a given law. - David Byrne
It seems almost backwards to me that my music seems the more emotional outlet, and the art stuff seems more about ideas. - David Byrne
There's something about music that encourages people to want to know more about the person that made it, and where it was recorded, what year it was done, what they were listening to, and all this kind of stuff. There's something that invites all this obsessive behavior. - David Byrne
Everything we release with Tool is inspired by our music. - Maynard James Keenan
What I like about music is the songs you can remember the lines of in a single second. - Karl Lagerfeld
Music is part of the life of fashion, too. - Karl Lagerfeld
Singing is a way of releasing an emotion that you sometimes can't portray when you're acting. And music moves your soul, so music is the source of the most intense emotions you can feel. - Amanda Seyfried
Remember the first time you went to a show and saw your favorite band. You wore their shirt, and sang every word. You didn't know anything about scene politics, haircuts, or what was cool. All you knew was that this music made you feel different from anyone you shared a locker with. Someone finally understood you. This is what music is about. - Gerard Way
The only reason that you do visual is solely for the visual. That's the only reason. It doesn't sell your music for you. - Shania Twain
Without a doubt, the best way to get to know me is through my music. - Shania Twain
Country music is still your grandpa's music, but it's also your daughter's music. It's getting bigger and better all the time and I'm glad to be a part of it. - Shania Twain
Music is a great natural high and a great natural escape. - Shania Twain
Marilyn Monroe never sold a platinum album. And more people know my music than what I look like. - Shania Twain
My music must reflect whatever's going on in my mind, and my life needs to evolve for me to discover who it is I'm becoming. - Shania Twain
I have terrible hearing trouble. I have unwittingly helped to invent and refine a type of music that makes its principal proponents deaf. - Pete Townshend
All my concerts had no sounds in them they were completely silent. People had to make up their own music in their minds! - Yoko Ono
Beethoven can write music, thank God, but he can do nothing else on earth. - Ludwig van Beethoven
I think people need to have fun with whatever they're doing - makeup, their clothes, music, live shows - anything you don't need to take too seriously, don't take too seriously. - Kesha
Rock 'n' roll music is what gets me off. - Joan Jett
When I listen to music, I don't want to hear about flowers. I like death and destruction. - Jonathan Davis
Music is the career I'm lucky enough to get paid for, but I have other desires and passions. - Layne Staley
I had spent many years pursuing excellence, because that is what classical music is all about... Now it was dedicated to freedom, and that was far more important. - Nina Simone
The best music is essentially there to provide you something to face the world with. - Bruce Springsteen
Music was invented to confirm human loneliness. - Lawrence Durrell
Music never dies. Do we really need another Madonna tour? Does she have to compete with women performers 25 years her junior? - Camille Paglia
Yet, it ought to be obvious that good music generally occupies a higher plane that mere politics. Great writers can express moods through melody and capture experiences we share most powerfully - love, lust, longing joy, rage, fear triumph, yearning and confusion. - Tony Snow
Every so often, I feel I should graduate to classical music, properly. But the truth is, I'm more likely to listen to rock music. - Tony Blair
Music is really something that makes people whole. - Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
I think the world is ready for some rock 'n' roll. Some real time guys that play their own instruments, write their own songs, and sing the music and have a good time doing it. - Vince Neil
People are going deaf because music is played louder and louder, but because they're going deaf, it has to be played louder still. - Milan Kundera
Do I listen to pop music because I'm miserable or am I miserable because listen to pop music? - John Cusack
For me, music and life are all about style. - Miles Davis
Music must take rank as the highest of the fine arts - as the one which, more than any other, ministers to the human spirit. - Herbert Spencer
A lot of music is mathematics. It's balance. - Mel Brooks
I think that a song, when it works, never mind a piece of long form music, even a song is something that speaks to itself but has a language all of its own, ideally. - Steve Hackett
I'm not trying to clock scores in this lifetime, it's just that things are better now than they were like five, ten years ago. Music has gotten a lot better. There's a lot of people who are committed to - soulfully. - Jerry Garcia
If not for music, I would probably be a very frustrated scientist. It's one way to answer the question, 'What is the meaning of life?' I feel music answers it better. - Paula Cole
I listen to music for emotion and I get zero emotion from rap. - Sebastian Bach
I just do what I do. I like to make music. - Neil Young
I want my music to do the explaining. - Demi Lovato
I was lucky enough to be the lady that was asked to be Maria in the Sound Of Music, and that film was fortunate enough to be huge hit. The same with Mary Poppins. I got terribly lucky in that respect. - Julie Andrews
As a rule, my focus is on classical music, but I love jazz. I love everything, actually. - Julie Andrews
Linguistic philosophers continue to argue that probably music is not a language, that is in the philosophical debate. Another point of view is to say that music is a very profound language. - Robert Fripp
Getting into music has changed my personality and way of doing things. I'm far more open now. - Shaun White
More than art, more than literature, music is universally accessible. - Billy Joel
If you make music for the human needs you have within yourself, then you do it for all humans who need the same things. You enrich humanity with the profound expression of these feelings. - Billy Joel
In America, life is introverted, self-absorbed - and so is their music. - Chris Barber
For whatever reason, not all people are born with the particular gift of being able to express ourselves through music. And, believe me, it is a gift. - Billy Joel
Country music is three chords and the truth. - Harlan Howard
In the course of transferring all my CDs to my iPod, I have found myself wandering the musical hallways of my past and reacquainting myself with music I haven't listened to in years. - Susan Orlean
Maybe someday you can accuse somebody of being a poseur by selling out and playing blues music, but that's just not going to happen in my lifetime. - John Mayer
The bottom line is that musicians love to make music and always will. - Jennifer Lopez
Nature's music is never over her silences are pauses, not conclusions. - Mary Webb
In essence, String Theory describes space and time, matter and energy, gravity and light, indeed all of God's creation... as music. - Roy H. Williams
There is still a future with music, because people want music. - Maynard James Keenan
People who make music together cannot be enemies, at least while the music lasts. - Paul Hindemith
I haven't heard any music on the BBC World Service in a long time. Maybe I'm listening at the wrong times. But not one single piece of music. - Aung San Suu Kyi
Everything revolves around the music when it comes to Tool. - Maynard James Keenan
After all, in today's music scene every band seems to steal from other bands. - Maynard James Keenan
Music is my life, it is a reflection of what I go through. - Lenny Kravitz
There's no religion but sex and music. - Sting
I have a big problem with piped music. I like either silence or to listen to it properly. - Sting
I see music as one language. If one musical form eats its own tail, it dies. So it needs to be a mongrel, it needs to be hybridised. - Sting
I quit high school on my birthday. It was my senior year and I didn't see the point. This was 1962, and I was ready to make music. - Barry White
I write the music, produce it and the band plays within the parameters that I set. - Sting
I think no artist can claim to have any access to the truth, or an authentic version of an event. But obviously they have slightly better means at their disposal because they have their art to energize whatever it is they're trying to write about. They have music. - Thom Yorke
We're musicians. We make music for a living. It's that simple. Nothing else matters. - Eddie Van Halen
My horizon on humanity is enlarged by reading the writers of poems, seeing a painting, listening to some music, some opera, which has nothing at all to do with a volatile human condition or struggle or whatever. It enriches me as a human being. - Wole Soyinka
When I grew up, what was interesting for me was that music was color and life was gray. So music for me has always been more than entertainment. - Pete Townshend
Entertainment came out of this thing called a television, and it was gray. Most of the films that we saw at the cinema were black and white. It was a gray world. And music somehow was in color. - Pete Townshend
I'm writing constantly about all my crazy experiences across the world, so I have a lot of music I've already written. - Kesha
I think it's important for people who love music to retain physical CDs or even vinyl, because it sounds so great and so much warmer than music over the internet. - Norah Jones
And you have a record company behind it, this is a key too, you need people to fight for your records, at least a little bit. So if you have a great song, it's catchy, and you've got a little bit of help, I think that's all you need. But there hasn't been that in music. - Joan Jett
Def Leppard is obviously a different band that we are, but the music work well tighter. And the audiences seem work well together too. We are opening, but we're having a good time. - Joan Jett
I like music that's more offensive. I like it to sound like nails on a blackboard, get me wild. - Iggy Pop
I like to hang out with my friends. I love music. I like to go to the movies. I like to eat. I like to cook. - Joan Jett
I plan to stay in music. I plan to keep making records. - Joan Jett
I sure saw a lot of kids that I'm sure didn't know a lot about us, or we were definitely new to them. The kids who came up to me afterward, we'd talk about music, sign a lot of autographs. So I'm sure we made a lot of new fans. - Joan Jett
I think what I'm going to do is get more balance in my life to still be able to go out and play the hard rock 'n' roll and do what I like to do in music. - Joan Jett
So it was out of necessity that Blackheart was born. I think it's great that now, 25 years later, we're not only putting out our own music, but are able to put out music by other bands. That's really exciting for us. - Joan Jett
I've done some acting and a lot of different things, but mostly it's the music. - Joan Jett
Before I settled on music, I wanted to be an archaeologist, an astronaut, all sorts of really diverse things. - Joan Jett
Australia is so cool that it's hard to even know where to start describing it. The beaches are beautiful so is the weather. Not too crowded. Great food, great music, really nice people. It must be a lot like Los Angeles was many years ago. - Mary-Kate Olsen
Pop music is not a threatening style of music. - Joan Jett
I know music is subjective. - Joan Jett
Well, I'll tell you, I don't know how aware teenagers are of me. I think it really depends on the teenager and how well-versed in music they are and what kind of music they like. - Joan Jett
The music industry can make you feel like a prostitute. - Jonathan Davis
We're not trying to change the world just music. - Jonathan Davis
I've been a fan of electronic music since the beginning. - Jonathan Davis
It's really cool to see glowsticks at the show, to see dance music culture infiltrating and becoming one with the metal community. - Jonathan Davis
It seems like a lot of music today is so churned out and simple. - Jonathan Davis
Singing is just a feeling set to music. - Carrie Underwood
The calm mind allows one to connect with the inner self, the Soul, the very source of our being. That's where the music lives. That's where my music comes from. - Clarence Clemons
At home I'm just a guy who has interests that extend far beyond music. - Layne Staley
I wanted to take up music, so my father bought me a blunt instrument. He told me to knock myself out. - Jay London
Music is the language of the heart, and conservatives always screw it up. - Glenn Beck
Music is about communication... it isn't just something that maybe physically sounds good or orally sounds interesting it's something far, far deeper than that. - Evelyn Glennie
My husband is a composer, so he plays piano all the time and I sit there and clap telling my unborn child, 'Hear me clap, hear the music.' I know music, in general, is supposed to be good for babies to hear. - Danica McKellar
Music has always been my protection against the world, from a very young age. I feel safe inside of a jam. - Trey Anastasio
People think our music's very aggressive or angry or whatever, and it's just the opposite, really... I like laughing. And I like being really calm before a show, and smiley. - Serj Tankian
I find Indian music very funky. I mean it's very soulful, with their own kind of blues. But it's the only other school on the planet that develops improvisation to the high degree that you find in jazz music. So we have a lot of common ground. - John McLaughlin
Making an album should be an honest experience. It shouldn't be about trying to gauge where popular music is today it should be about artistic expression and putting down what you want to put down. - Scott Weiland
I think ABBA have a pure joy to their music and that's what makes them extraordinary. - Bono
Great classic music that I've been turned on to has not only inspired and influenced me, but it has had an effect on my songwriting. - Scott Weiland
The great moments of rock 'n' roll were never off in some corner of the music world, in a self-constructed ghetto. - Bono
Rock music is niche. - Bono
If you pour some music on whatever's wrong, it'll sure help out. - Levon Helm
In our music, in our everyday life, there are so many negative things. Why not have something positive and stamp it with blackness? - Jamie Foxx
Music was your real passion, this thing you held dear even above family. It was this relationship that never betrayed you. Once it became your job - this thing that was highly visible, this thing that became about commerce - that's when you were holding onto music like it was a palm tree in a hurricane. - Eddie Vedder
Pop music is aspirin and the blues are vitamins. - Peter Tork
Music, at its essence, is what gives us memories. And the longer a song has existed in our lives, the more memories we have of it. - Stevie Wonder
Those who decide to use leisure as a means of mental development, who love good music, good books, good pictures, good plays, good company, good conversation - what are they? They are the happiest people in the world. - William Lyon Phelps
A lot of music you might listen to is pretty vapid, it doesn't always deal with our deeper issues. These are the things I'm interested in now, particularly at my age. - Annie Lennox
I love to make music and stay grounded. - Annie Lennox
I only want to make music because I have a passion for it. - Annie Lennox
I always think I'm the Tom Cruise of music - a lot of success and fans, but no critics, darling. - Jon Bon Jovi
Music is a part of my life all the time - on the plane, before matches, driving out to the court. - Maria Sharapova
The basis of our partnership strategy and our partnership approach: We build the social technology. They provide the music. - Mark Zuckerberg
Music is an agreeable harmony for the honor of God and the permissible delights of the soul. - Johann Sebastian Bach
The music of Hendrix wakes people up to their possibilities. It's more than just dreaming about being a guitar hero. - Carlos Santana
I don't like to be labeled, to be anything. I've made the mistake before myself of labeling my music, but it's counter-productive. - Neil Young
I have so many opinions about everything it just comes out during my music. It's a battle for me. I try not to be preachy. That's a real danger. - Neil Young
My music isn't anything but me. It has jazz in it, and rock'n'roll, and it has an urgency to it. - Neil Young
The '60s was one of the first times the power of music was used by a generation to bind them together. - Neil Young
The thing about my music is, there really is no point. - Neil Young
Commitments are one of the worst things to have in the music business. They're very annoying. - Neil Young
Music is part of us, and either ennobles or degrades our behavior. - Boethius
Live music is better. - Neil Young
All that stuff about heavy metal and hard rock, I don't subscribe to any of that. It's all just music. I mean, the heavy metal from the '70s sounds nothing like the stuff from the '80s, and that sounds nothing like the stuff from the '90s. Who's to say what is and isn't a certain type of music? - Neil Young
It is jazz music that called me to be a musician and I have always sang the songs that moved me the most. Singers, like Frank Sinatra and myself, we interpret the songs that we like. Not unlike a Shakespearean actor that goes back to the greatest words ever written, we go back to the greatest songs. - Harry Connick, Jr.
I used to go to Bourbon Street when I was a kid and there would be club after club after club of people who were around when the music started. I mean these are legendary, maybe not so well known, but legendary musicians. - Harry Connick, Jr.
I've spent hours and hours doing research into Appalachian folk music. My grandfather was a fiddler. There is something very immediate, very simple and emotional, about that music. - Renee Fleming
I don't play pyrotechnic scales. I play about frustration, patience, anger. Music is an extension of my soul. - Dick Dale
Music my rampart, and my only one. - Edna St. Vincent Millay
Though everything else may appear shallow and repulsive, even the smallest task in music is so absorbing, and carries us so far away from town, country, earth, and all worldly things, that it is truly a blessed gift of God. - Felix Mendelssohn
I write the vocals last, because I wanted to invent the music first and push the music to the level that I had to compete against it. - Axl Rose
Alas! all music jars when the soul's out of tune. - Miguel de Cervantes
They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art. - Charlie Parker
Soul music is timeless. - Alicia Keys
When I was a young musician, the only option available to pursue secondary education in music was to attend a classical conservatory. - Billy Joel
When I look at great works of art or listen to inspired music, I sense intimate portraits of the specific times in which they were created. - Billy Joel
We are living in a time when American popular music is finally being recognized as one of our most successful exports. The demand is huge. - Billy Joel
Most people are satisfied with the junk food being sold as music. - Billy Joel
I'm probably writing music now for the same reason as I started writing songs when I was 14 - to meet women. - Billy Joel
I can't think of one person I've ever met who didn't like some type of music. - Billy Joel
Don't make music for some vast, unseen audience or market or ratings share or even for something as tangible as money. Though it's crucial to make a living, that shouldn't be your inspiration. Do it for yourself. - Billy Joel
There's a constantly applicable nature to soul music, whereas sometimes pop music can be a periodical. - John Mayer
I don't need my phone to play me music. I need it to be a phone and an e-mail thing. - David Duchovny
It was stumbling on to really the bible of the blues, you know, and a very powerful drug to be introduced to us and I absorbed it totally, and it changed my complete outlook on music. - Eric Clapton
I've been composing music all my life and if I'd been clever enough at school I would like to have gone to music college. - Anthony Hopkins
I think everything Joni Mitchell did for music was big. - Maynard James Keenan
Adam does most of the work when it comes to videos and he basically does the same as I do with the lyrics. The videos are his visual interpretations of our music. - Maynard James Keenan
Reading is more of a left-brain process, and listening to music is a right-brain function. - Maynard James Keenan
People always accuse me of being motivational in a way, like it was a bad thing, but that's just how I was raised. My mom raised me in a positive environment, with lots of love in my heart, and that reflects in my music. - Lenny Kravitz
I feel this music has nurtured me as I've been immersing myself in it. I've felt supported by it. - Sting
I hate most of what constitutes rock music, which is basically middle-aged crap. - Sting
Yoga is almost like music in a way there's no end to it. - Sting
There's something missing in the music industry today... and it's music. Songs you hear don't last, it's just product fed to you by the industry. - Jimmy Buffett
I like when guests come over early and we chop veggies and talk and play music. - John Stamos
I can play punk rock, and I love playing punk rock, but I was into every other style of music before I played punk rock. - Travis Barker
Beyond a certain point, the music isn't mine anymore. It's yours. - Phil Collins
Music was always the distraction, so it was the obvious choice to pursue. My dad always said to find a job I love to do, that way it wouldn't feel like a job. So I did that. - Jason Mraz
When people hear good music, it makes them homesick for something they never had, and never will have. - E. W. Howe
A movie goes from several stages, from idea to script. As you continue shooting, you will make some adjustments. You're constantly adjusting. It's like a piece of music. You're constantly trying to make it better. - Robert Rodriguez
Good music is good music, and everything else can go to hell. - Dave Matthews
Country music is important to me, and I love it, but it's not my whole life. - George Strait
What I took back, because of my exposure to the Jewish music of the 30s and the 40s in my upbringing with my father, was that kind of theatrical songwriting. It was always a part of my character. This desire to make people laugh. - Pete Townshend
So I wanted to sing inspirational music, and that's exactly how I approached it - only the words have been changed to declare my relationship with God. - Smokey Robinson
Man's heart away from nature becomes hard. - Standing Bear
Those things that nature denied to human sight, she revealed to the eyes of the soul. - Ovid
Man was nature's mistake she neglected to finish him and she has never ceased paying for her mistake. - Eric Hoffer
If I have been of service, if I have glimpsed more of the nature and essence of ultimate good, if I am inspired to reach wider horizons of thought and action, if I am at peace with myself, it has been a successful day. - Alex Noble
Nature scarcely ever gives us the very best for that we must have recourse to art. - Baltasar Gracian
The fairest thing in nature, a flower, still has its roots in earth and manure. - David Herbert Lawrence
Nature is one great big wood-chipper. Sooner or later, everything shoots out the other end in a spray of blood, bones and hair. - Doug Coupland
My aim in painting has always been the most exact transcription possible of my most intimate impression of nature. - Edward Hopper
Painting will have to deal more fully and less obliquely with life and nature's phenomena before it can again become great. - Edward Hopper
There will be, I think, an attempt to grasp again the surprise and accidents of nature and a more intimate and sympathetic study of its moods, together with a renewed wonder and humility on the part of such as are still capable of these basic reactions. - Edward Hopper
There is pleasure in the pathless woods, there is rapture in the lonely shore, there is society where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar I love not Man the less, but Nature more. - George Byron
Where there are large powers with little ambition... nature may be said to have fallen short of her purposes. - Jonathan Swift
The possibilities that are suggested in quantum physics tell us that everything that we're looking at may not be in fact there, so the underlying nature of being is weird. - William Shatner
Beauty is our weapon against nature by it we make objects, giving them limit, symmetry, proportion. Beauty halts and freezes the melting flux of nature. - Camille Paglia
I'm aware of the mystery around us, so I write about coincidences, premonitions, emotions, dreams, the power of nature, magic. - Isabel Allende
There's an easygoing nature that comes with a perspective of things that aren't as important as we make them sometimes. - Marguerite Moreau
Nature, when she invented, manufactured, and patented her authors, contrived to make critics out of the chips that were left. - Oliver Wendell Holmes
The right of nature... is the liberty each man hath to use his own power, as he will himself, for the preservation of his own nature that is to say, of his own life. - Thomas Hobbes
Good breeding is the result of good sense, some good nature, and a little self-denial for the sake of others. - Lord Chesterfield
Nature is the mother and the habitat of man, even if sometimes a stepmother and an unfriendly home. - John Dewey
Those who look for the laws of Nature as a support for their new works collaborate with the creator. - Antonio Gaudi
If the sight of the blue skies fills you with joy, if the simplest things of nature have a message that you understand, rejoice, for your soul is alive. - Eleanora Duse
In athletics there's always been a willingness to cheat if it looks like you're not cheating. I think that's just a quirk of human nature. - Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Camping is nature's way of promoting the motel business. - Dave Barry
The principle that human nature, in its psychological aspects, is nothing more than a product of history and given social relations removes all barriers to coercion and manipulation by the powerful. - Noam Chomsky
I'm definitely a Polaroid camera girl. For me, what I'm really excited about is bringing back the artistry and the nature of Polaroid. - Lady Gaga
Support by United States rulers is rather in the nature of the support that the rope gives to a hanged man. - Nikita Khrushchev
It is not to be expected that human nature will change in a day. - Frank B. Kellogg
The elusive nature of love... it can be such a fleeting thing. You see it there and it's just fluttering and it's gone. - Mick Jagger
In this business you have to develop a thick skin, but I'm always going to feel everything. It's my nature. - Taylor Swift
Romance and novel paint beauty in colors more charming than nature, and describe a happiness that humans never taste. How deceptive and destructive are those pictures of consummate bliss! - Oliver Goldsmith
The real cure for our environmental problems is to understand that our job is to salvage Mother Nature. We are facing a formidable enemy in this field. It is the hunters... and to convince them to leave their guns on the wall is going to be very difficult. - Jacques Yves Cousteau
Pure drawing is an abstraction. Drawing and colour are not distinct, everything in nature is coloured. - Paul Cezanne
Doubtless there are things in nature which have not yet been seen. If an artist discovers them, he opens the way for his successors. - Paul Cezanne
We must not be content to memorize the beautiful formulas of our illustrious predecessors. Let us go out and study beautiful nature. - Paul Cezanne
I lack the magnificent richness of color that animates nature. - Paul Cezanne
There are unknown forces in nature when we give ourselves wholly to her, without reserve, she lends them to us she shows us these forms, which our watching eyes do not see, which our intelligence does not understand or suspect. - Auguste Rodin
The duty of man is the same in respect to his own nature as in respect to the nature of all other things, namely not to follow it but to amend it. - John Stuart Mill
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away. - Fay Weldon
I'm experimental by nature... always exploring my creativity. - Christina Aguilera
Life is the power that's greater than I can ever comprehend. The way life runs through everything, even the tiniest elements of nature - that makes me humble. - Michael J. Fox
It is unfair to blame man too fiercely for being pugnacious he learned the habit from Nature. - Christopher Morley
The willow is my favorite tree. I grew up near one. It's the most flexible tree in nature and nothing can break it - no wind, no elements, it can bend and withstand anything. - Pink
Stupidity is something unshakable nothing attacks it without breaking itself against it it is of the nature of granite, hard and resistant. - Gustave Flaubert
I have resolved on an enterprise that has no precedent and will have no imitator. I want to set before my fellow human beings a man in every way true to nature and that man will be myself. - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Nature... is nothing but the inner voice of self-interest. - Charles Baudelaire
Tears are nature's lotion for the eyes. The eyes see better for being washed by them. - Christian Nestell Bovee
Nature is a good name for an effect whose cause is God. - William Cowper
Thus happiness depends, as nature shows, less on exterior things than most suppose. - William Cowper
Only nature knows how to justly proportion to the fault the punishment it deserves. - Percy Bysshe Shelley
Nature is perfect. - William Shatner
Out with stereotypes, feminism proclaims. But stereotypes are the west's stunning sexual personae, the vehicles of art's assault against nature. The moment there is imagination, there is myth. - Camille Paglia
All, all is theft, all is unceasing and rigorous competition in nature the desire to make off with the substance of others is the foremost - the most legitimate - passion nature has bred into us and, without doubt, the most agreeable one. - Marquis de Sade
We are learning, too, that the love of beauty is one of Nature's greatest healers. - Ellsworth Huntington
Truth makes on the ocean of nature no one track of light every eye, looking on, finds its own. - Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton
America is still mostly xenophobic and racist. That's the nature of America, I think. - Jerry Garcia
Great art picks up where nature ends. - Marc Chagall
Married love between man and woman is bigger than oaths guarded by right of nature. - Aeschylus
Another thing I like to do is sit back and take in nature. To look at the birds, listen to their singing, go hiking, camping and jogging and running, walking along the beach, playing games and sometimes being alone with the great outdoors. It's very special to me. - Larry Wilcox
When I'm off the road, my husband and I recharge our batteries. It's a day of deep rest and connection with the spiritual, and that can be anything - going for a walk in nature, being in silence, burning incense. - Alanis Morissette
Everyone who understands the nature of God rightly necessarily knows that God is to be believed and hoped in, that he is to be loved and called upon, and to be heard in all things. - William Ames
Reality must take precedence over public relations, for nature cannot be fooled. - Richard P. Feynman
As in nature, as in art, so in grace it is rough treatment that gives souls, as well as stones, their luster. - Thomas Guthrie
The wit makes fun of other persons the satirist makes fun of the world the humorist makes fun of himself, but in so doing, he identifies himself with people - that is, people everywhere, not for the purpose of taking them apart, but simply revealing their true nature. - James Thurber
Zoos are becoming facsimiles - or perhaps caricatures - of how animals once were in their natural habitat. If the right policies toward nature were pursued, we would need no zoos at all. - Michael J. Fox
Caught up in life, you see it badly. You suffer from it or enjoy it too much. The artist, in my opinion, is a monstrosity, something outside of nature. - Gustave Flaubert
But I'm a hot-blooded Italian by nature. Whatever the situation you present, I'm going to make something out of it. - Maynard James Keenan
It's human nature to gripe, but I'm going ahead and doing the best I can. - Elvis Presley
I mean, if a person acts irresponsibly in his own life, he will pay the consequences. And it's not so much divine retribution as it's built into the law of nature. - Pat Robertson
We must return to nature and nature's god. - Luther Burbank
No man has received from nature the right to command his fellow human beings. - Denis Diderot
I am following Nature without being able to grasp her, I perhaps owe having become a painter to flowers. - Claude Monet
Ayurveda is a sister philosophy to yoga. It is the science of life or longevity and it teaches about the power and the cycles of nature, as well as the elements. - Christy Turlington
If one could conclude as to the nature of the Creator from a study of his creation it would appear that God has a special fondness for stars and beetles. - John B. S. Haldane
If a person is homosexual by nature - that is, if one's sexuality is as intrinsic a part of one's identity as gender or skin color - then society can no more deny a gay person access to the secular rights and religious sacraments because of his homosexuality than it can reinstate Jim Crow. - Jon Meacham
Modern bodybuilding is ritual, religion, sport, art, and science, awash in Western chemistry and mathematics. Defying nature, it surpasses it. - Camille Paglia
No author ever drew a character consistent to human nature, but he was forced to ascribe to it many inconsistencies. - Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton
The glory of gardening: hands in the dirt, head in the sun, heart with nature. To nurture a garden is to feed not just on the body, but the soul. - Alfred Austin
Our nature is the mind. And the mind is our nature. - Bodhidharma
Nature has never read the Declaration of Independence. It continues to make us unequal. - Will Durant
Nothing is given to man on earth - struggle is built into the nature of life, and conflict is possible - the hero is the man who lets no obstacle prevent him from pursuing the values he has chosen. - Andrew Bernstein
It seems to be a law of nature that no man, unless he has some obvious physical deformity, ever is loth to sit for his portrait. - Max Beerbohm
Resentment seems to have been given us by nature for a defense, and for a defense only! It is the safeguard of justice and the security of innocence. - Adam Smith
It is a sign of a dull nature to occupy oneself deeply in matters that concern the body for instance, to be over much occupied about exercise, about eating and drinking, about easing oneself, about sexual intercourse. - David Bailey
Italians know about human nature - they understand human nature perhaps better than anyone else does. They know that people are weak and greedy and lazy and dishonest and they just try to make the best of it to work around it. - Donna Leon
A book is a fragile creature, it suffers the wear of time, it fears rodents, the elements and clumsy hands. so the librarian protects the books not only against mankind but also against nature and devotes his life to this war with the forces of oblivion. - Umberto Eco
The addiction to sports, therefore, in a peculiar degree marks an arrested development in man's moral nature. - Thorstein Veblen
Who would dare assign to art the sterile function of imitating nature? - Charles Baudelaire
Nature is a temple in which living columns sometimes emit confused words. Man approaches it through forests of symbols, which observe him with familiar glances. - Charles Baudelaire
To the artist there is never anything ugly in nature. - Auguste Rodin
To any artist, worthy of the name, all in nature is beautiful, because his eyes, fearlessly accepting all exterior truth, read there, as in an open book, all the inner truth. - Auguste Rodin
Those who seek to satisfy the mind of man by hampering it with ceremonies and music and affecting charity and devotion have lost their original nature. - Zhuangzi
We trifle when we assign limits to our desires, since nature hath set none. - Christian Nestell Bovee
If the sight of the blue skies fills you with joy, if a blade of grass springing up in the fields has power to move you, if the simple things of nature have a message that you understand, rejoice, for your soul is alive. - Eleonora Duse
Happiness is dependent on self-discipline. We are the biggest obstacles to our own happiness. It is much easier to do battle with society and with others than to fight our own nature. - Dennis Prager
People must help one another it is nature's law. - Jean de La Fontaine
Limited in his nature, infinite in his desire, man is a fallen god who remembers heaven. - Alphonse de Lamartine
Your body is the church where Nature asks to be reverenced. - Marquis de Sade
The primary and most beautiful of Nature's qualities is motion, which agitates her at all times, but this motion is simply a perpetual consequence of crimes, she conserves it by means of crimes only. - Marquis de Sade
The protean nature of the computer is such that it can act like a machine or like a language to be shaped and exploited. - Alan Kay
I'll walk where my own nature would be leading: It vexes me to choose another guide. - Emily Bronte
People who don't see their nature and imagine they can practice thoughtlessness all the time are lairs and fools. - Bodhidharma
Becoming emancipated at 14, my life wasn't normal. I didn't have to go to school, so I didn't. I was rebellious by nature. I spent my 20s focusing on my company, Flower Films, and producing movies. Now that I'm almost 30, I would like to try other things in lie. I'm crazy about photography, and I want to take an art history class. - Drew Barrymore
I thoroughly enjoy getting away from the game and going out fishing because it's so relaxing, so quiet and peaceful. I mean, there's no noise other than nature - and it's so different from what I do in a tournament situation that it just eases my mind. - Tiger Woods
Whether we and our politicians know it or not, Nature is party to all our deals and decisions, and she has more votes, a longer memory, and a sterner sense of justice than we do. - Wendell Berry
There's something in human nature, the trying-to-get-on-with-it quality of people, the struggle to maintain or keep the show going can be exhausting. - Greg Kinnear
Physics does not change the nature of the world it studies, and no science of behavior can change the essential nature of man, even though both sciences yield technologies with a vast power to manipulate the subject matters. - Pope Paul VI
Nature is commonplace. Imitation is more interesting. - Gertrude Stein
An artist must possess Nature. He must identify himself with her rhythm, by efforts that will prepare the mastery which will later enable him to express himself in his own language. - Henri Matisse
Human intelligence may not be the best trick nature has to offer. - Bryant H. McGill
I consider it useless and tedious to represent what exists, because nothing that exists satisfies me. Nature is ugly, and I prefer the monsters of my fancy to what is positively trivial. - Charles Baudelaire
We all dream. We dream vividly, depending on our nature. Our existence is beyond our explanation, whether we believe in God or we have religion or we're atheist. - Anthony Hopkins
To find a Buddha all you have to do is see your nature. - Bodhidharma
Art is contemplation. It is the pleasure of the mind which searches into nature and which there divines the spirit of which nature herself is animated. - Auguste Rodin
Parents of recovered children, and I've met hundreds, all share the same experience of doubters and deniers telling us our child must have never even had autism or that the recovery was simply nature's course. We all know better, and frankly we're too busy helping other parents to really care. - Jenny McCarthy
Our job is to represent the truth of human nature, whether you're playing a tender love story that's set in a coffee shop or whether you're in 'The Avengers,' which is set in a Manhattan which is exploding. - Tom Hiddleston
Your basic person wants to talk about material culture, internet culture. I think about God, cats, nature. - Billy Corgan
Man is a creative retrospection of nature upon itself. - Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel
He who does not become familiar with nature through love will never know her. - Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel
I think the destructive, vicious, negative nature of much of the news media makes it harder to govern this country, harder to attract decent people to run for public office. - Newt Gingrich
There is a very remarkable inclination in human nature to bestow on external objects the same emotions which it observes in itself, and to find every where those ideas which are most present to it. - David Hume
Nature, who for the perfect maintenance of the laws of her general equilibrium, has sometimes need of vices and sometimes of virtues, inspires now this impulse, now that one, in accordance with what she requires. - Marquis de Sade
Part of making any endeavour is that each one has its own special problems. It's the nature of the process. - Martin Scorsese
Nature is the art of God. - Dante Alighieri
By nature I'm not a brooder. - Hugh Jackman
I have two children and it's amazing how in tune they are with nature, with light, with smells, with time. - Hugh Jackman
That's all about the natural order of things, the idea of nature protecting children but also children protecting nature. - Hugh Jackman
I know I'm not known as method. By nature I'm not a brooder. What I continue to use is a mixture of the English school, which is traditionally outside-in, and the more American way of working from the inside out. - Hugh Jackman
Chaos was the law of nature Order was the dream of man. - Henry Adams
Nature is indifferent to the survival of the human species, including Americans. - Adlai E. Stevenson
Nature is at work. Character and destiny are her handiwork. She gives us love and hate, jealousy and reverence. All that is ours is the power to choose which impulse we shall follow. - David Seabury
Marriage is an institution fits in perfect harmony with the laws of nature whereas systems of slavery and segregation were designed to brutally oppress people and thereby violated the laws of nature. - Jack Kingston
No tendency is quite so strong in human nature as the desire to lay down rules of conduct for other people. - William Howard Taft
If you can kill animals, the same attitude can kill human beings. The mentality is the same which exploits nature and which creates wars. - Satish Kumar
Living in Cambridge, with nature and everything, it's so clean. - Syd Barrett
Nature never makes any blunders, when she makes a fool she means it. - Archibald Alexander
Once you see your nature, sex is basically immaterial. - Bodhidharma
Human beings are accustomed to think of intellect as the power of having and controlling ideas and of ability to learn as synonymous with ability to have ideas. But learning by having ideas is really one of the rare and isolated events in nature. - Edward Thorndike
We are a people that have always celebrated other people's success so long as we always had the opportunity to meet that success ourselves. That is the American nature. That is the American character. That is one of the things that makes us different from the rest of the world. And I'm afraid we could lose that or are on the verge of losing that. - Marco Rubio
It's not in our nature. Americans have never been a people that drive through a nice neighborhood and say, 'Oh, I hate the people who live in these nice houses.' - Marco Rubio
We all need to look into the dark side of our nature - that's where the energy is, the passion. People are afraid of that because it holds pieces of us we're busy denying. - Sue Grafton
Nature makes boys and girls lovely to look upon so they can be tolerated until they acquire some sense. - William Lyon Phelps
There is a great deal of human nature in man. - Charles Kingsley
Loki in 'Thor' is the most incredible springboard into a sort of excavation of the darker aspects of human nature. So that was thrilling, coming back knowing that I'd built the boat and now I could set sail into choppier waters. - Tom Hiddleston
While day by day the overzealous student stores up facts for future use, he who has learned to trust nature finds need for ever fewer external directions. He will discard formula after formula, until he reaches the conclusion: Let nature take its course. - Larry Bird
Nature's great masterpiece, an elephant the only harmless great thing. - John Donne
I am not going to claim that modern anarchism has any direct relation to Roman jurisprudence but I do claim that it has its basis in the laws of nature rather than in the state of nature. - Herbert Read
What constitutes a real, live human being is more of a mystery than ever these days, and men each one of whom is a valuable, unique experiment on the part of nature are shot down wholesale. - Hermann Hesse
That's the nature of women, not to love when we love them, and to love when we love them not. - Miguel de Cervantes
This is a war universe. War all the time. That is its nature. There may be other universes based on all sorts of other principles, but ours seems to be based on war and games. - William Burroughs
Man masters nature not by force but by understanding. This is why science has succeeded where magic failed: because it has looked for no spell to cast over nature. - Jacob Bronowski
The nature of rumor is known to all. - Tertullian
I like my home and I like the nature. - Billy Corgan
Man is the miracle in nature. God Is the One Miracle to man. - Jean Ingelow
God is each truly and exalted thing, therefore the individual himself to the highest degree. But are not nature and the world individuals? - Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel
Humans have certain properties and characteristics which are intrinsic to them, just as every other organism does. That's human nature. - Noam Chomsky
As I grew older, I realized that it was much better to insist on the genuine forms of nature, for simplicity is the greatest adornment of art. - Albrecht Durer
Societies have always been shaped more by the nature of the media by which men communicate than by the content of the communication. - Marshall McLuhan
Disease is the retribution of outraged Nature. - Hosea Ballou
I believe it is in my nature to dance by virtue of the beat of my heart, the pulse of my blood and the music in my mind. - Robert Fulghum
By its very nature the beautiful is isolated from everything else. From beauty no road leads to reality. - Hannah Arendt
For all of nature's wonder and beauty, it is also hostile and unpredictable. - Liam Neeson
Although I'm an atheist who believes only in great nature, I recognize the spiritual richness and grandeur of the Roman Catholicism in which I was raised. - Camille Paglia
Philosophy would render us entirely Pyrrhonian, were not nature too strong for it. - David Hume
Human Nature is the only science of man and yet has been hitherto the most neglected. - David Hume
Be truthful, nature only sides with truth. - Adolf Loos
The man who interprets Nature is always held in great honor. - Zora Neale Hurston
When I was growing up, Dr. Seuss was really my favorite. There was something about the lyrical nature and the simplicity of his work that really hit me. - Tim Burton
I did not want to be a tree, a flower or a wave. In a dancer's body, we as audience must see ourselves, not the imitated behavior of everyday actions, not the phenomenon of nature, not exotic creatures from another planet, but something of the miracle that is a human being. - Martha Graham
When a man and a woman have an overwhelming passion for each other, it seems to me, in spite of such obstacles dividing them as parents or husband, that they belong to each other in the name of Nature, and are lovers by Divine right, in spite of human convention or the laws. - Nicolas Chamfort
He who asks of life nothing but the improvement of his own nature... is less liable than anyone else to miss and waste life. - Henri Frederic Amiel
The nature of God is a circle of which the center is everywhere and the circumference is nowhere. - Empedocles
It is not human nature we should accuse but the despicable conventions that pervert it. - Denis Diderot
Our observation of nature must be diligent, our reflection profound, and our experiments exact. We rarely see these three means combined and for this reason, creative geniuses are not common. - Denis Diderot
Nature is neutral. - Adlai E. Stevenson
Every formula which expresses a law of nature is a hymn of praise to God. - Maria Mitchell
Ultimately, all human activities have as their goal the realization of happiness. Why, then, have we ended up producing the opposite result? Could the underlying cause be our failure to correctly understand the true nature of happiness? - Daisaku Ikeda
I think it's a very firm part of human nature that if you surround yourself with like-minded people, you'll end up thinking more extreme versions of what you thought before. - Cass Sunstein
Age is not measured by years. Nature does not equally distribute energy. Some people are born old and tired while others are going strong at seventy. - Dorothy Thompson
Nature can do more than physicians. - Oliver Cromwell
To me, the world's rather beautiful if you look at it. Especially nature. - David Hockney
To enter by reason means to realize the essence through instruction and to believe that all living things share the same true nature, which isn't apparent because it's shrouded by sensation and delusion. - Bodhidharma
Your nature is the Buddha. - Bodhidharma
Save for the wild force of Nature, nothing moves in this world that is not Greek in its origin. - Lord Acton
None of us is responsible for the complexion of his skin. This fact of nature offers no clue to the character or quality of the person underneath. - Marian Anderson
A hatred of failure has always been part of my nature. - Paul Getty
There is nothing more corrupting, nothing more destructive of the noblest and finest feelings of our nature, than the exercise of unlimited power. - William Henry Harrison
The essence of the Hebrew Bible, transmitted by Christianity, is separation: between life and death, nature and God, good and evil, man and woman, and the holy and the profane. - Dennis Prager
Controversy is part of the nature of art and creativity. - Yoko Ono
In the world of words, the imagination is one of the forces of nature. - Wallace Stevens
God created the world the laws of nature were created by God. True science tries to find out what God put in the world. The trouble is where scientists speculate about theology and they don't know what they're talking about because they weren't there. They can't speculate about the origins of life because they weren't there. - Pat Robertson
In antiquity the sage kings recognized that men's nature is bad and that their tendencies were not being corrected and their lawlessness controlled. - Xun Zi
The creative destruction that social media is currently unleashing will change more than technology or the leader board of the Fortune 100. It is driving a qualitative shift in the nature of relationships between brands and their customers. - Simon Mainwaring
To say to the painter that Nature is to be taken as she is, is to say to the player that he may sit on the piano. - James Whistler
It is the nature of the self to manifest itself, In every atom slumbers the might of the self. - Muhammad Iqbal
It's incredible how nature sets females up to take care of people, and yet it is tricky for them to take care of themselves. - Bjork
Nature, I have constantly argued in my work, is the real superpower of this godless universe. It is the ultimate disposer of human fate, randomly recarving geography over 10,000-year epochs. - Camille Paglia
High Romanticism shows you nature in all its harsh and lovely metamorphoses. Flood, fire and quake fling us back to the primal struggle for survival and reveal our gross dependency on mammoth, still mysterious forces. - Camille Paglia
I have never been able to grasp the meaning of time. I don't believe it exists. I've felt this again and again, when alone and out in nature. On such occasions, time does not exist. Nor does the future exist. - Thor Heyerdahl
Literature is the expression of a feeling of deprivation, a recourse against a sense of something missing. But the contrary is also true: language is what makes us human. It is a recourse against the meaningless noise and silence of nature and history. - Octavio Paz
An argument fatal to the communist theory, is suggested by the fact, that a desire for property is one of the elements of our nature. - Herbert Spencer
There is something mean in human nature that prefers to think evil, that gives a willing ear and a ready welcome to calumny, a sort of jealousy of goodness and greatness and things of good report. - Richard Le Gallienne
The art of healing comes from nature, not from the physician. Therefore the physician must start from nature, with an open mind. - Paracelsus
The private citizen, beset by partisan appeals for the loan of his Public Opinion, will soon see, perhaps, that these appeals are not a compliment to his intelligence, but an imposition on his good nature and an insult to his sense of evidence. - Walter Lippmann
I'm so not stylish by nature, but I've learned to work with what I have. - Julie Bowen
Cruelty is the law pervading all nature and society and we can't get out of it if we would. - Thomas Hardy
We don't do things we aren't good at by nature. I wouldn't play basketball because I'm only 5' 1". Find what you enjoy - whether it's racing, flying a helicopter, being a doctor, or stitching clothes together. Once you've done that, you have the passion you need. - Danica Patrick
I think that the best way to explain that is that my mother gave me all the color and character and flare and liveliness, and my father gave me all the sanity and nature and all the things that helped me be a more rounded human being. - Julie Andrews
A desire to resist oppression is implanted in the nature of man. - Tacitus
When you look at Japanese traditional architecture, you have to look at Japanese culture and its relationship with nature. You can actually live in a harmonious, close contact with nature - this very unique to Japan. - Tadao Ando
Wars will remain while human nature remains. I believe in my soul in cooperation, in arbitration but the soldier's occupation we cannot say is gone until human nature is gone. - Rutherford B. Hayes
The law cannot equalize mankind in spite of nature. - Luc de Clapiers
I don't stop. It's my nature. People have to tell me to slow down. I plan on playing every role on Broadway. I want to do 'Evita.' I want to do 'Sweeney Todd' with Chris Colfer. We want to do 'Wicked.' I'll be Elphaba and he wants to play 'Guy-linda.' I want to do movies, make music. 'Glee' is only the beginning. - Lea Michele
Art is nature speeded up and God slowed down. - Malcolm De Chazal
Every corny thing that's said about living with nature - being in harmony with the earth, feeling the cycle of the seasons - happens to be true. - Susan Orlean
Nature's music is never over her silences are pauses, not conclusions. - Mary Webb
There are no lines in nature, only areas of colour, one against another. - Edouard Manet
The beautiful spring came and when Nature resumes her loveliness, the human soul is apt to revive also. - Harriet Ann Jacobs
The stars, that nature hung in heaven, and filled their lamps with everlasting oil, give due light to the misled and lonely traveller. - John Milton
It often happens that when a person possesses a particular ability to an extraordinary degree, nature makes up for it by leaving him or her incompetent in every other department. - Robert Shea
You can tell the nature of the man by the words he chooses. - Edwin Louis Cole
Mother Nature comes up against reality, and the reality is that the system doesn't work. - John Garamendi
The body is ready to have babies. Nature wants it done then, when the body can handle it, not after 40, when the income can handle it. - Toni Morrison
The diversity of the phenomena of nature is so great, and the treasures hidden in the heavens so rich, precisely in order that the human mind shall never be lacking in fresh nourishment. - Johannes Kepler
We are more than just flesh and bones. There's a certain spiritual nature and something of the mind that we can't measure. We can't find it. With all our sophisticated equipment, we cannot monitor or define it, and yet it's there. - Benjamin Carson
Nature is a petrified magic city. - Novalis
It is a law of human nature that in victory even the coward may boast of his prowess, while defeat injures the reputation even of the brave. - Sallust
The possibility of a scientific treatment of history means a wider experience, a greater maturity of practical reason, and finally a fuller realization of certain basic ideas regarding the nature of life and time. - Muhammad Iqbal
Cruelty is a part of nature, at least of human nature, but it is the one thing that seems unnatural to us. - Robinson Jeffers
The insufferable arrogance of human beings to think that Nature was made solely for their benefit, as if it was conceivable that the sun had been set afire merely to ripen men's apples and head their cabbages. - Cyrano de Bergerac
It is in the very nature of things human that every act that has once made its appearance and has been recorded in the history of mankind stays with mankind as a potentiality long after its actuality has become a thing of the past. - Hannah Arendt
Of all those arts in which the wise excel, Nature's chief masterpiece is writing well. - Andre Breton
One learns more from listening than speaking.And both the wind and the people who continue to live close to nature still have much to tell us which we cannot hear within university walls. - Thor Heyerdahl
No further evidence is needed to show that 'mental illness' is not the name of a biological condition whose nature awaits to be elucidated, but is the name of a concept whose purpose is to obscure the obvious. - Thomas Szasz
Those who made and endorsed our Constitution knew man's nature, and it is to their ideas, rather than to the temptations of utopia, that we must ask that our judges adhere. - Robert Bork
Never does nature say one thing and wisdom another. - Juvenal
Nothing is too wonderful to be true if it be consistent with the laws of nature. - Michael Faraday
If journalism is good, it is controversial, by its nature. - Julian Assange
Poetry is emotion put into measure. The emotion must come by nature, but the measure can be acquired by art. - Thomas Hardy
Conservatives sense a link between television and drugs, but they do not grasp the nature of this connection. - Christopher Lasch
A true man never frets about his place in the world, but just slides into it by the gravitation of his nature, and swings there as easily as a star. - Edwin Hubbel Chapin
I've been very competitive by nature from a young age, whether it was eating a bowl of pasta faster than somebody else, or always wanting to be the first one in line. - Maria Sharapova
I believe that laughter is the best emotional Band-Aid in the world. It's like nature's Neosporin. - Matt LeBlanc
Beauty is grace and confidence. I've learned to accept and appreciate what nature gave me. - Lindsay Lohan
All a musician can do is to get closer to the sources of nature, and so feel that he is in communion with the natural laws. - John Coltrane
Nature is the master of talents genius is the master of nature. - J. G. Holland
Many people believe that they are attracted by God, or by Nature, when they are only repelled by man. - William Ralph Inge
The courage of a soldier is found to be the cheapest and most common quality of human nature. - Edward Gibbon
Is there some principal of nature which states that we never know the quality of what we have until it is gone? - Herman Melville
In the beginning you must subject yourself to the influence of nature. You must be able to walk firmly on the ground before you start walking on a tightrope. - Henri Matisse
Plot, rules, nor even poetry, are not half so great beauties in tragedy or comedy as a just imitation of nature, of character, of the passions and their operations in diversified situations. - Horace Walpole
I often get letters, quite frequently, from people who say how they like the programmes a lot, but I never give credit to the almighty power that created nature. - David Attenborough
The man who has sufficient power over himself to wait until his nature has recovered its even balance is the truly wise man, but such beings are seldom met with. - Giacomo Casanova
What I'm attempting to do is to show people that if I can spend some time with very dangerous spiders and snakes and scorpions, then maybe they'll feel different about the spiders and snakes they find around their areas. I don't need people to keep them as pets. I just like them to be respectful and see that everything in nature has its place. - Dominic Monaghan
It's human nature to start taking things for granted again when danger isn't banging loudly on the door. - David Hackworth
I used to be such a militant city-ist, but more and more I've seen forests and nature and oceans, and I don't know any more if this is the awesomest way to live. - Regina Spektor
There's a constantly applicable nature to soul music, whereas sometimes pop music can be a periodical. - John Mayer
Games, by nature, have more plot options and non-linear qualities than TV and film. - David Duchovny
I mean, you always want everybody to pat you on the back and tell you you're wonderful every time you do something I think that's human nature. - David Duchovny
We cannot remember too often that when we observe nature, and especially the ordering of nature, it is always ourselves alone we are observing. - Georg C. Lichtenberg
A good face they say, is a letter of recommendation. O Nature, Nature, why art thou so dishonest, as ever to send men with these false recommendations into the World! - Henry Fielding
What is called an acute knowledge of human nature is mostly nothing but the observer's own weaknesses reflected back from others. - Georg C. Lichtenberg
The Greeks possessed a knowledge of human nature we seem hardly able to attain to without passing through the strengthening hibernation of a new barbarism. - Georg C. Lichtenberg
It's just a part of our nature to hope. - Elizabeth Edwards
The artist is the confidant of nature, flowers carry on dialogues with him through the graceful bending of their stems and the harmoniously tinted nuances of their blossoms. Every flower has a cordial word which nature directs towards him. - Auguste Rodin
I've probably understood men too well. I realise they are predatory by nature, and I have a certain acceptance of the male animal. - Jacqueline Bisset
It was the full conviction of this, and of what could be done, if every man were placed in the office for which he was fitted by nature and a proper education, which first suggested to me the plan of Illumination. - Adam Weishaupt
No one likes to have less than they had before. That's the nature of the human animal. - Joni Mitchell
I'm a very analytical person, a somewhat introspective person that's the nature of the work I do. - Joni Mitchell
There are times as a parent when you realize that your job is not to be the parent you always imagined you'd be, the parent you always wished you had. Your job is to be the parent your child needs, given the particulars of his or her own life and nature. - Ayelet Waldman
The thing that gave me the most pain in life, psychologically, and it gave me tremendous pain psychologically, is man's disrespect for nature. - Joni Mitchell
I pity the young woman who will attempt to insinuate herself between my mama's boy and me. I sympathize with the monumental nature of her task. It will take a crowbar, two bulldozers and half a dozen Molotov cocktails to pry my Oedipus and me loose from one another. - Ayelet Waldman
Human nature is not black and white but black and grey. - Graham Greene
Dreams come true without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them. - John Updike
Greed is a basic part of animal nature. Being against it is like being against breathing or eating. It means nothing. - Ben Stein
The whole order of nature evinces a progressive march towards a higher life. - H. P. Blavatsky
A poem need not have a meaning and like most things in nature often does not have. - Wallace Stevens
I'd love to go back to Europe in the '20s and '30s, for the beginning of the Psychoanalytic Movement, and Freud and Jung, and all that was going on with discoveries in quantum physics. The whole nature of reality was changing and being challenged. - Michael Sheen
Sound is the vocabulary of nature. - Pierre Schaeffer
Many difficulties which nature throws in our way, may be smoothed away by the exercise of intelligence. - Titus Livius
Human judges can show mercy. But against the laws of nature, there is no appeal. - Arthur C. Clarke
Now it is human nature to want to eat to ones fill when hungry, to want to warm up when cold, to want to rest when tired. These all are a part of people's emotional nature. - Xun Zi
I am more and more convinced that our happiness or our unhappiness depends far more on the way we meet the events of life than on the nature of those events themselves. - Wilhelm von Humboldt
Go forth under the open sky, and list To Nature's teachings. - William C. Bryant
Human nature is such that monogamy is a really hard thing to achieve. - Sienna Miller
Whatsoever is contrary to nature is contrary to reason, and whatsoever is contrary to reason is absurd. - Baruch Spinoza
A committee is organic rather than mechanical in its nature: it is not a structure but a plant. It takes root and grows, it flowers, wilts, and dies, scattering the seed from which other committees will bloom in their turn. - C. Northcote Parkinson
Nothing in the universe is contingent, but all things are conditioned to exist and operate in a particular manner by the necessity of the divine nature. - Baruch Spinoza
Nature is something outside our body, but the mind is within us. - Bhumibol Adulyadej
And of all illumination which human reason can give, none is comparable to the discovery of what we are, our nature, our obligations, what happiness we are capable of, and what are the means of attaining it. - Adam Weishaupt
You want to put out a TV show? If you have the money to do it on your own, by yourself, and you have a TV network, you can do it by yourself. But the nature of the beast is, art needs finance. That's how this industry works. So until the Internet becomes our source of entertainment - and watch it, I believe it will - this is how things go. - Nathan Fillion
The scientific observer of Nature is a kind of mystic seeker in the act of prayer. - Muhammad Iqbal
Over-commercialization and its resulting restrictions and limitations can be very damaging and distorting to the inherent nature of the individual. I did not deliberately abandon my fans, nor did I deliberately abandon any responsibilities. - Lauryn Hill
I wish that all of nature's magnificence, the emotion of the land, the living energy of place could be photographed. - Annie Leibovitz
I can tell you for sure: people who are at their peak right now will not sustain that. You can't. It's against the law of nature. - Bryan Cranston
Compared to America or Europe, God isn't a big part of our lives here. I don't know anyone here who goes to church when he's had a rough divorce or is going through depression. We go out into nature instead. - Bjork
Don't be afraid in nature: one must be bold, at the risk of having been deceived and making mistakes. - Camille Pissarro
To bare our souls is all we ask, to give all we have to life and the beings surrounding us. Here the nature spirits are intense and we appreciate them, make offerings to them - these nature spirits who call us here - sealing our fate with each other, celebrating our love. - Alex Grey
A civilized nation can have no enemies, and one cannot draw a line across a map, a line that doesn't even exist in nature and say that the ugly enemy lives on the one side, and good friends live on the other. - Thor Heyerdahl
Nothing in human nature is so God-like as the disposition to do good to our fellow-creatures. - Samuel Richardson
Nothing. We're all friends and friendly. So when the cameras go down, depending on the mood or the nature of the material we're dealing with, there's usually a kind of a prevailing light attitude that's floating around. - Richard Dean Anderson
One of the greatest pains to human nature is the pain of a new idea. - Walter Bagehot
I never sort of thought of myself as a comedy writer, by nature. - Lena Dunham
Custom is second nature. - Augustine of Hippo
I attribute the quarrelsome nature of the Middle Ages young men entirely to the want of the soothing weed. - Jerome K. Jerome
I'm a typical middle child. I'm the mediator. The one that makes everything OK, puts their own needs aside to make sure everybody's happy. It's hard to change your nature, even with years and years of therapy. - Jennifer Jason Leigh
Ninety percent of the students take the 'preferred lender.' Why? Because that's the nature of the relationship. You trust the school. The school is in a position of authority. - Andrew Cuomo
The Republican form of government is the highest form of government: but because of this it requires the highest type of human nature, a type nowhere at present existing. - Herbert Spencer
The attitude that nature is chaotic and that the artist puts order into it is a very absurd point of view, I think. All that we can hope for is to put some order into ourselves. - Willem de Kooning
English majors understand human nature better than economists do. - Jane Smiley
Close elections tend to break toward the challenger because undecided voters - having held out so long against the incumbent - are by nature looking for change. - Ron Fournier
Is human nature basically good or evil? No economist can embark upon his profession without considering this question, and yet they all seem to. And they all seem to think human nature is basically good, or they wouldn't be surprised by the effects of deregulation. - Jane Smiley
People have always wanted to be recognized, and that's human nature. But people used to want to be recognized for their accomplishments, and now they simply want to be visible. - Diablo Cody
There can never be such a thing as a free market, because it is human nature to cheat, monopolize, and buy off others so as to corner the market. - Jane Smiley
We can't blame children for occupying themselves with Facebook rather than playing in the mud. Our society doesn't put a priority on connecting with nature. In fact, too often we tell them it's dirty and dangerous. - David Suzuki
Human nature doesn't include all human beings. There are human beings who are indifferent to politics, religion, virtually anything. - Conor Cruise O'Brien
As parents, grandparents, uncles and aunts we need to start getting out into nature with the young people in our lives. Families play a key role in getting kids outside. - David Suzuki
I think it is in collaboration that the nature of art is revealed. - Steve Lacy
I've always regarded nature as the clothing of God. - Alan Hovhaness
Nature never said to me: Do not be poor still less did she say: Be rich her cry to me was always: Be independent. - Nicolas Chamfort
While a case can be made for intelligent design, I can't figure out why some Christians are so thrilled about that possibility. First of all, it doesn't prove there's a God. If anything, intelligent design lends support to some form of pantheism that defines God as immanent within nature. - Tony Campolo
There is no doubt that religion had already waned under the onslaught of the Enlightenment, but it was Freud who provided the radically new understanding of human nature that made any religious explanation of the whats and whys of our personhood seem naive. - Tony Campolo
The Ukrainian community is tight-knit by nature. - Vera Farmiga
Women, by their nature, are not exceptional chess players: they are not great fighters. - Garry Kasparov
The structure of life I have described in buildings - the structure which I believe to be objective - is deeply and inextricably connected with the human person, and with the innermost nature of human feeling. - Christopher Alexander
Listen, if there's one sure-fire rule that I have learned in this business, it's that I don't know anything about human nature. - Francis Ford Coppola
I realise that in this undertaking I place myself in a certain opposition to views widely held concerning the mathematical infinite and to opinions frequently defended on the nature of numbers. - Georg Cantor
The skull is nature's sculpture. - David Bailey
Anyone who has obeyed nature by transmitting a piece of gossip experiences the explosive relief that accompanies the satisfying of a primary need. - Primo Levi
Self-preservation, nature's first great law, all the creatures, except man, doth awe. - Andrew Marvell
The highest purpose is to have no purpose at all. This puts one in accord with nature, in her manner of operation. - John Cage
It is hard, I submit, to loathe bloodshed, including war, more than I do, but it is still harder to exceed my loathing of the very nature of totalitarian states in which massacre is only an administrative detail. - Vladimir Nabokov
A lawn is nature under totalitarian rule. - Michael Pollan
Hidden nature is secret God. - Sri Aurobindo
If you are cast in a different mould to the majority, it is no merit of yours: Nature did it. - Charlotte Bronte
To make a love story, you need a couple of young people, but to reflect on the nature of love, you're better off with old ones. That is a fact of life and literature - and of the novel ever since it fell in love with love in the 18th century. - James Buchan
It is human nature to instinctively rebel at obscurity or ordinariness. - Taylor Caldwell
The exposed nature of life in the public square affects leaders' attitudes toward risk - and failure. - Dee Dee Myers
Nature isn't positive in that way. It doesn't aim itself at you. It's not being unkind to you. - David Attenborough
Abstraction is real, probably more real than nature. - Josef Albers
Most of us really aren't horribly unique. There are 6 billion of us. Put 'em all in one room and very few would stand out as individuals. So maybe we ought to think of worth in terms of our ability to get along as a part of nature, rather than being the lords over nature. - Herbert Simon
We lament the speed of our society and the lack of depth and the nature of disposable information. - David Ogden Stiers
Such is the audacity of man, that he hath learned to counterfeit Nature, yea, and is so bold as to challenge her in her work. - Pliny the Elder
Faith is not a notion, but a real strong essential hunger, an attracting or magnetic desire of Christ, which as it proceeds from a seed of the divine nature in us, so it attracts and unites with its like. - William Law
I'm very comfortable with the nature of life and death, and that we come to an end. What's most difficult to imagine is that those dreams and early yearnings and desires of childhood and adolescence will also disappear. But who knows? Maybe you become part of the eternal whatever. - Hugh Hefner
The gifts of nature are infinite in their variety, and mind differs from mind almost as much as body from body. - Quintilian
I don't think I'll ever be able to stay in one place for more than a year or two. It's not in my nature. - Ricky Williams
Government is, by its very nature, a destroyer of liberties the Obama administration, specifically, is promising to interfere with the economy and the health care system so profoundly that Washington will soon have us all in chains. - Thomas Frank
Compassion is a call, a demand of nature, to relieve the unhappy as hunger is a natural call for food. - Joseph Butler
The idea is that there is a kind of memory in nature. Each kind of thing has a collective memory. So, take a squirrel living in New York now. That squirrel is being influenced by all past squirrels. - Rupert Sheldrake
Nature chooses who will be transgender individuals don't choose this. - Mercedes Ruehl
Learn from me, if not by my precepts, then by my example, how dangerous is the pursuit of knowledge and how much happier is that man who believes his native town to be the world than he who aspires to be greater than his nature will allow. - Mary Wollstonecraft
If you can't be in awe of Mother Nature, there's something wrong with you. - Alex Trebek
The nature of the global business environment guarantees that no matter how hard we work to create a stable and healthy organisation, our organisation will continue to experience dramatic changes far beyond our control. - Margaret J. Wheatley
There is an urgent need for a radical revision of our current concepts of the nature of consciousness and its relationship to matter and the brain. - Stanislav Grof
Quantum computation is... a distinctively new way of harnessing nature... It will be the first technology that allows useful tasks to be performed in collaboration between parallel universes. - David Deutsch
Here take back the stuff that I am, nature, knead it back into the dough of being, make of me a bush, a cloud, whatever you will, even a man, only no longer make me me. - Georg C. Lichtenberg
Many artists and scholars have pointed out that ultimately art depends on human nature. - Steven Pinker
The noble simplicity in the works of nature only too often originates in the noble shortsightedness of him who observes it. - Georg C. Lichtenberg
Nature is not only all that is visible to the eye... it also includes the inner pictures of the soul. - Edvard Munch
For neither life nor nature cares if justice is ever done or not. - Patricia Highsmith
A beautiful lady is an accident of nature. A beautiful old lady is a work of art. - Louis Nizer
Although believers by nature, are far from God, and children of wrath, even as others, yet it is amazing to think how nigh they are brought to him again by the blood of Jesus Christ. - George Whitefield
I don't understand the notion that modern farming is anything do to with nature. It's a pretty gross interference with nature. - Peter Singer
Art is about expressing the true nature of the human spirit in whatever way one wishes to express it. If it is honest, it is beautiful. If it is not honest, it is obvious. - Corin Nemec
Resistance is feasible even for those who are not heroes by nature, and it is an obligation, I believe, for those who fear the consequences and detest the reality of the attempt to impose American hegemony. - Noam Chomsky
Beauty is nature's brag, and must be shown in courts, at feasts, and high solemnities, where most may wonder at the workmanship. - John Milton
Nature abhors a vacuum. - Francois Rabelais
I think most artists create out of despair. The very nature of creation is not a performing glory on the outside, it's a painful, difficult search within. - Louise Berliawsky Nevelson
I can find God in nature, in animals, in birds and the environment. - Pat Buckley
But theater, because of its nature, both text, images, multimedia effects, has a wider base of communication with an audience. That's why I call it the most social of the various art forms. - Wole Soyinka
Love of man for woman - love of woman for man. That's the nature, the meaning, the best of life itself. - Zane Grey
There's a kind of dynamic quality about theater and that dynamic quality expresses itself in relation to, first of all, the environment in which it's being staged then the audience, the nature of the audience, the quality of the audience. - Wole Soyinka
Whenever I get fed up with life I love to go wandering in nature. - Andrea Arnold
Human nature is above all things lazy. - Harriet Beecher Stowe
We coin concepts and we use them to analyse and explain nature and society. But we seem to forget, midway, that these concepts are our own constructs and start equating them with reality. - Abdolkarim Soroush
Growing hemp as nature designed it is vital to our urgent need to reduce greenhouse gases and ensure the survival of our planet. - Jack Herer
The scientist does not study nature because it is useful he studies it because he delights in it, and he delights in it because it is beautiful. - Henri Poincare
By nature, men love newfangledness. - Geoffrey Chaucer
In the state of nature profit is the measure of right. - Thomas Hobbes
I plead for conservation of human culture, which is much more fragile than nature herself. We needn't destroy other cultures with the force of our own. - Arthur Erickson
I love romantic comedies. They're for me the easiest thing to do and the most natural to do. There's nothing natural about holding an uzi hanging out of a moving van shooting at people. That's not second nature to me, thank God. - Gabrielle Union
No phenomenon can be isolated, but has repercussions through every aspect of our lives. We are learning that we are a fundamental part of nature's ecosystems. - Arthur Erickson
There is little doubt that we are in the midst of a revolution of a much more profound and fundamental nature than the social and political revolutions of the last half century. - Arthur Erickson
Each of us has a very rich nature and can look at things objectively, from a distance, and at the same time can have something more personal to say about them. I am trying to look at the world, and at myself, from many different points of view. I think many poets have this duality. - Wislawa Szymborska
Mencius said that human nature is good. I disagree with that. - Xun Zi
We must make it an imperative duty of our government to protect the gifts which Nature has bestowed on America and to insure the maintenance of a clean, healthy, wholesome environment for our people. - George Lincoln Rockwell
Thus, anybody who follows this nature and gives way its states will be led into quarrels and conflicts, and go against the conventions and rules of society, and will end up a criminal. - Xun Zi
Human nature is such that people are born with a love of profit If they follow these inclinations, they will struggle and snatch from each other, and inclinations to defer or yield will die. - Xun Zi
I believe the accepted model of capitalism that demands endless growth deserves the blame for the destruction of nature, and it should be displaced. Failing that, I try to work with those companies and help them change the way they think about our resources. - Yvon Chouinard
When I get recognized for 'Twilight,' it's usually a teenage girl, and they're usually really loud. So it certainly feels like I get recognized the most from that, but it could just be because of the nature of how vocal those fans are. - Anna Kendrick
Since the nature of people is bad, to become corrected they must be taught by teachers and to be orderly they must acquire ritual and moral principles. - Xun Zi
I like figuring out where I need to be mentally so that I'm not thinking about the camera and that it's second nature. I want to get to a place where I can exist within the confines of what you can do with filmmaking and not have to think about it. - Anna Kendrick
Human nature is what Heaven supplies. - Xun Zi
Human nature refers to what is in people but which they cannot study or work at achieving. - Xun Zi
It's a great event to get outside and enjoy nature. I find it very exciting no matter how many times I see bald eagles. - Karen Armstrong
Some people just use beautiful things to just shop or to have a tribal feeling - 'Oh, blah, blah, blah, I'm wearing Hermes blah, blah, blah, I'm wearing Saint Laurent blah-blah blah' - because it's like a need, a tribe, recognition: 'Ahh, my Rolex.' But I run away from anything which is too recognizable - it's my nature. - Manolo Blahnik
French is a foreign language, but I've been speaking it since I was 18 so it's second nature to me. - Kristin Scott Thomas
The laws of nature are but the mathematical thoughts of God. - Euclid
I would warn you that I do not attribute to nature either beauty or deformity, order or confusion. Only in relation to our imagination can things be called beautiful or ugly, well-ordered or confused. - Baruch Spinoza
Only that thing is free which exists by the necessities of its own nature, and is determined in its actions by itself alone. - Baruch Spinoza
I think there's a supreme power behind the whole thing, an intelligence. Look at all of the instincts of nature, both animals and plants, the very ingenious ways they survive. If you cut yourself, you don't have to think about it. - Clyde Tombaugh
Nothing exists from whose nature some effect does not follow. - Baruch Spinoza
Every man should follow the bent of his nature in art and letters, always provided that he does not offend against the rules of morality and good taste. - Thomas Edward Brown
Speech is human nature itself, with none of the artificiality of written language. - Alfred North Whitehead
Since those who believe they need a hero/celebrity outnumber the actual heroes/celebrities, people feel safe and comfortably justified in numbers, committing egregious crimes in the name of the greater social ego. Ironically diminishing their own true hero-celebrity nature in the process. - Lauryn Hill
Assuming that man has a distinct spiritual nature, a soul, why should it be thought unnatural that under appropriate conditions of maladjustment, his soul might die before his body does or that his soul might die without his knowing it? - Albert J. Nock
The historic ascent of humanity, taken as a whole, may be summarized as a succession of victories of consciousness over blind forces - in nature, in society, in man himself. - Leon Trotsky
Natural science, does not simply describe and explain nature it is part of the interplay between nature and ourselves. - Werner Heisenberg
The fans know what's happened to me over the past couple of years. I lost my family. I pretty much got devastated financially and the fans know that I've had some hard times - and that's the nature of loyal fans. They want to see the people that they love and believe in get back on their feet. - Hulk Hogan
There were no temples or shrines among us save those of nature. - Charles Eastman
Nature says women are human beings, men have made religions to deny it. Nature says women are human beings, men cry out no! - Taslima Nasrin
There is no gardening without humility. Nature is constantly sending even its oldest scholars to the bottom of the class for some egregious blunder. - Alfred Austin
I found myself in a race with Mother Nature to play as much baseball as I could before she forced me to stop. - Willie Stargell
It's human nature to be curious about people, and to be more curious about young people than old people. We want to cheer something on at the same time we want to tear it down. That's just so normal. - Amy Grant
I have a bit of a rebellious nature. - John Cusack
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him. - Buddha
A child who is allowed to be disrespectful to his parents will not have true respect for anyone. - Billy Graham
We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves. - Henry Ward Beecher
I cannot think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a father's protection. - Sigmund Freud
Even as kids reach adolescence, they need more than ever for us to watch over them. Adolescence is not about letting go. It's about hanging on during a very bumpy ride. - Ron Taffel
Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. - John F. Kennedy
A mother who is really a mother is never free. - Honore de Balzac
Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk. - Carl Jung
Let parents bequeath to their children not riches, but the spirit of reverence. - Plato
Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children. - Charles R. Swindoll
Mothers - especially single mothers - are heroic in their efforts to raise our nation's children, but men must also take responsibility for their children and recognize the impact they have on their families' well-being. - Evan Bayh
Parentage is a very important profession, but no test of fitness for it is ever imposed in the interest of the children. - George Bernard Shaw
A new father quickly learns that his child invariably comes to the bathroom at precisely the times when he's in there, as if he needed company. The only way for this father to be certain of bathroom privacy is to shave at the gas station. - Bill Cosby
Always kiss your children goodnight, even if they're already asleep. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
How pleasant it is for a father to sit at his child's board. It is like an aged man reclining under the shadow of an oak which he has planted. - Voltaire
The truth is that parents are not really interested in justice. They just want quiet. - Bill Cosby
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth. - Erma Bombeck
Every cliche about kids is true they grow up so quickly, you blink and they're gone, and you have to spend the time with them now. But that's a joy. - Liam Neeson
We are apt to forget that children watch examples better than they listen to preaching. - Roy L. Smith
Most children threaten at times to run away from home. This is the only thing that keeps some parents going. - Phyllis Diller
Telling a teenager the facts of life is like giving a fish a bath. - Arnold H. Glasow
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your children have teenagers of their own. - Doug Larson
Most American children suffer too much mother and too little father. - Gloria Steinem
At the end of the day, the most overwhelming key to a child's success is the positive involvement of parents. - Jane D. Hull
Don't try to make children grow up to be like you, or they may do it. - Russell Baker
Girls are the future mothers of our society, and it is important that we focus on their well-being. - Miriam Makeba
I think a dad has to make his daughter feel that he's genuinely interested in what she's going through. - Harry Connick, Jr.
Nothing you do for children is ever wasted. They seem not to notice us, hovering, averting our eyes, and they seldom offer thanks, but what we do for them is never wasted. - Garrison Keillor
There's really no point in having children if you're not going to be home enough to father them. - Anthony Edwards
Having children is like having a bowling alley installed in your brain. - Martin Mull
The well-being and welfare of children should always be our focus. - Todd Tiahrt
I had no idea that mothering my own child would be so healing to my own sadness from my childhood. - Susie Bright
To me luxury is to be at home with my daughter, and the occasional massage doesn't hurt. - Olivia Newton-John
Children that are raised in a home with a married mother and father consistently do better in every measure of well-being than their peers who come from divorced or step-parent, single-parent, cohabiting homes. - Todd Tiahrt
Children are our second chance to have a great parent-child relationship. - Laura Schlessinger
Loving a child doesn't mean giving in to all his whims to love him is to bring out the best in him, to teach him to love what is difficult. - Nadia Boulanger
A baby is born with a need to be loved - and never outgrows it. - Frank A. Clark
My mother protected me from the world and my father threatened me with it. - Quentin Crisp
My children are the reason I laugh, smile and want to get up every morning. - Gena Lee Nolin
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home. - Robert Orben
The Internet is just bringing all kinds of information into the home. There's just a lot of distraction, a lot of competition for the parent's voice to resonate in the children's ears. - Phil McGraw
I have three daughters, so I can't be as tough as I want to be. When you have kids - especially daughters - they know how to work you. They're a lot smarter than we are, that's for sure. But I'll be more tough on their boyfriends. - Tim McGraw
The interesting thing about being a mother is that everyone wants pets, but no one but me cleans the kitty litter. - Meryl Streep
Having a baby changes the way you view your in-laws. I love it when they come to visit now. They can hold the baby and I can go out. - Matthew Broderick
I figure that if the children are alive when I get home, I've done my job. - Roseanne Barr
I want to have children, but my friends scare me. One of my friends told me she was in labor for 36 hours. I don't even want to do anything that feels good for 36 hours. - Rita Rudner
Love is staying up all night with a sick child - or a healthy adult. - David Frost
Childhood obesity is best tackled at home through improved parental involvement, increased physical exercise, better diet and restraint from eating. - Bob Filner
Parents should not smoke in order to discourage their kids from smoking. A child is more likely to smoke when they have been raised in the environment of a smoker. - Christy Turlington
There are only two lasting bequests we can hope to give our children. One of these is roots, the other, wings. - Hodding Carter
Studies show that children best flourish when one mom and one dad are there to raise them. - John Boehner
It's hard enough to work and raise a family when your kids are all healthy and relatively normal, but when you add on some kind of disability or disease, it can just be such a burden. - Patricia Heaton
You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for instance. - Franklin P. Jones
No fathers or mothers think their own children ugly. - Miguel de Cervantes
You have to support your children to have a healthy relationship. - Connie Sellecca
The child supplies the power but the parents have to do the steering. - Benjamin Spock
If you're asking your kids to exercise, then you better do it, too. Practice what you preach. - Bruce Jenner
It's a huge change for your body. You don't even want to look in the mirror after you've had a baby, because your stomach is just hanging there like a Shar-Pei. - Cindy Crawford
It is a sad commentary of our times when our young must seek advice and counsel from 'Dear Abby' instead of going to Mom and Dad. - Abigail Van Buren
Parenthood remains the greatest single preserve of the amateur. - Alvin Toffler
What good mothers and fathers instinctively feel like doing for their babies is usually best after all. - Benjamin Spock
Parenthood and family come first for me, and when I'm not working I'm cool with the Teletubbies. - Clive Owen
Success for me its to raise happy, healthy human beings. - Kelly LeBrock
The family teaches us about the importance of knowledge, education, hard work and effort. It teaches us about enjoying ourselves, having fun, keeping fit and healthy. - Kamisese Mara
My father wasn't really involved and my mom is the light in my life. - Marion Jones
I've said it before, but it's absolutely true: My mother gave me my drive, but my father gave me my dreams. Thanks to him, I could see a future. - Liza Minnelli
Fathers and mothers have lost the idea that the highest aspiration they might have for their children is for them to be wise... specialized competence and success are all that they can imagine. - Allan Bloom
Family life was wonderful. The streets were bleak. The playgrounds were bleak. But home was always warm. My mother and father had a great relationship. I always felt 'safe' there. - Robert Cormier
Parents were invented to make children happy by giving them something to ignore. - Ogden Nash
Family involvement is a valuable thing and playing together actively can be the '90s version of it. Instead of just watching, you can do it together... something we don't spend enough time on. We can motivate and excite each other about fitness. - Alan Thicke
Education, like neurosis, begins at home. - Milton Sapirstein
I feel very blessed to have two wonderful, healthy children who keep me completely grounded, sane and throw up on my shoes just before I go to an awards show just so I know to keep it real. - Reese Witherspoon
No one knows his true character until he has run out of gas, purchased something on the installment plan and raised an adolescent. - Marcelene Cox
I don't think children's inner feelings have changed. They still want a mother and father in the very same house they want places to play. - Beverly Cleary
There are 80 million moms in the United States. Forty million stay at home with their children. - Andrew Shue
I get whatever placidity I have from my father. But my mother taught me how to take it on the chin. - Norma Shearer
It's a great mistake, I think, to put children off with falsehoods and nonsense, when their growing powers of observation and discrimination excite in them a desire to know about things. - Anne Sullivan
I regret not having had more time with my kids when they were growing up. - Tina Turner
What feeling is so nice as a child's hand in yours? So small, so soft and warm, like a kitten huddling in the shelter of your clasp. - Marjorie Holmes
We expect teachers to handle teenage pregnancy, substance abuse, and the failings of the family. Then we expect them to educate our children. - John Sculley
I think I'm going to have to live vicariously through my daughter's rebellion because I certainly never did go through adolescence. - Brooke Shields
Do you want to be an artist and a writer, or a wife and a lover? With kids, your focus changes. I don't want to go to PTA meetings. - Stevie Nicks
Believe me, my children have more stamina than a power station. - Robbie Coltrane
That's my ideal day, time with my boys. - Kenny G
Mom and Dad would stay in bed on Sunday morning, but the kids would have to go to church. - Lynn Johnston
We criticize mothers for closeness. We criticize fathers for distance. How many of us have expected less from our fathers and appreciated what they gave us more? How many of us always let them off the hook? - Ellen Goodman
Home life's great, man. The kids are great, happy and healthy. I've reached this sort of wonderful precipice. - Ryan Phillippe
My mother was the influence in my life. She was strong she had great faith in the ultimate triumph of justice and hard work. She believed passionately in education. - John H. Johnson
We all have an interest in making sure teens grow up healthy and drug-free. - John Walters
I'd just as soon stay home and raise babies. - June Allyson
Mama and Daddy King represent the best in manhood and womanhood, the best in a marriage, the kind of people we are trying to become. - Coretta Scott King
My mom's a Catholic, and my dad's a Jew, and they didn't want anything to do with anything. - Isabelle Huppert
There are some great questions to ask your doctor. If he says 'no,' then you find yourself a different doctor. There really has to be a change in how we medically look at women at this time. I mean, this is not just baby gloom. - Marie Osmond
I wasn't very good about juggling family and my career. I was interested in who was coming to the children's birthday party, what my son was writing. I was thinking about Legos. - Jill Clayburgh
My father was a farmer and my mother was a farmer, but, my childhood was very good. I am very grateful for my childhood, because it was full of gladness and good humanity. - Roberto Benigni
No matter how calmly you try to referee, parenting will eventually produce bizarre behavior, and I'm not talking about the kids. Their behavior is always normal. - Bill Cosby
My childhood should have taught me lessons for my own fatherhood, but it didn't because parenting can only be learned by people who have no children. - Bill Cosby
Screaming at children over their grades, especially to the point of the child's tears, is child abuse, pure and simple. It's not funny and it's not good parenting. It is a crushing, scarring, disastrous experience for the child. It isn't the least bit funny. - Ben Stein
What lingers from the parent's individual past, unresolved or incomplete, often becomes part of her or his irrational parenting. - Virginia Satir
Autism is a neurological disorder. It's not caused by bad parenting. It's caused by, you know, abnormal development in the brain. The emotional circuits in the brain are abnormal. And there also are differences in the white matter, which is the brain's computer cables that hook up the different brain departments. - Temple Grandin
Parenting is one of the hardest jobs on earth. - Jennifer Aniston
I'm worried about parents who aren't parenting. - Barbara Bush
Of course, the ideal scenario for parenting is obviously two parents of a mature age. - Jennifer Aniston
The Golden Rule of Parenting is do unto your children as you wish your parents had done unto you! - Louise Hart
I would like to do another piece of fiction dealing with a number of issues: Lesbian parenting, the 1960's, and interracial relationships in the Lesbian and Gay community. - Audre Lorde
Parenting is the most important job on the planet next to keeping Gary Busey off the nation's highways. - Dennis Miller
Indeed - judicious, consistent parenting is a dream of mine. No judgements, learning space and listening carefully are my goals. - Emma Thompson
I thought that once we were out of the baby stage, parenting would be a breeze. - Tori Spelling
Kids are a great analogy. You want your kids to grow up, and you don't want your kids to grow up. You want your kids to become independent of you, but it's also a parent's worst nightmare: That they won't need you. It's like the real tragedy of parenting. - Jonathan Safran Foer
I barely have time for my own children. To adopt more children and not have time for them, that would be poor parenting on my part. - Mary J. Blige
Very often when you see families it's all perfect and neat, and parenting isn't like that. You do have constant negotiations. Things are ever developing and ever changing, and you constantly have to evaluate how you deal with your kids. - Clive Owen
We're living in a time when parenting is not at all mirroring the way I was parented. For me, I just followed my parents around on their errands when they were busy on the phone, I was quiet. It's a different kettle of fish these days: They run the house, and you listen to their music, and you go to their appointments. - Edie Falco
Don't reward bad behavior. It is one of the first rules of parenting. During the financial cataclysm of 2008, we said it differently. When we bailed out banks that had created their own misfortune, we called it a 'moral hazard,' because the bailout absolved the bank's bad acts and created an incentive for it to make the same bad loans again. - Eliot Spitzer
Women are individuals in parenting, and why not? - Erica Jong
While not impossible, it is especially challenging for teenage parents to develop bonds with their children. A high percent of them were themselves children of teenage parents and have never experienced appropriate parenting. - Jane Fonda
No, I've never wanted kids. But I do read about parenting a lot. - Fiona Apple
I'm trying to break any chain of negative parenting that I might have survived. - Eddie Vedder
My grandmother was a kind of Scarsdale, New York, society woman, best known in her day as the author of the 1959 book 'Growing Your Own Way: An Informal Guide for Teen-Agers' - this despite being a person whose parenting style made Joan Crawford's wire hangers look like pool noodles. - Sloane Crosley
Ah, the power of two. There's nothing quite like it. Especially when it comes to paying utility bills, parenting, cooking elaborate meals, purchasing a grown-up bed, jumping rope and lifting heavy machinery. The world favours pairs. Who wants to waste the wood building an ark for singletons? - Sloane Crosley
I hope to find the roles that are age appropriate but not yearning to be younger, or parenting ad nauseam. - Debra Winger
Parenting, as an unpaid occupation outside the world of public power, entails lower status, less power, and less control of resources than paid work. - Nancy Chodorow
Parenting is an impossible job at any age. - Harrison Ford
We must return optimism to our parenting. To focus on the joys, not the hassles the love, not the disappointments the common sense, not the complexities. - Fred G. Gosman
In truth, I am a single mother. But I don't feel alone at all in parenting my daughter. Krishna has a whole other side of her family who loves her, too. And so Krishna is parented by me, but also by her grandmother and aunts and cousins and uncles and friends. - Padma Lakshmi
Relationships are complicated no matter what style of parenting you choose. - Mayim Bialik
Attachment parenting is not a passive parenting style. - Mayim Bialik
I've become sort of an accidental advocate for attachment parenting, which is a style of parenting that... basically, the way mammals parent and the way people have parented for pretty much all of human history except the last 200 years or so. - Mayim Bialik
I have a neuroscience background - that's what my doctorate is in - and I was trained to study hormones of attachment, so I definitely feel my parenting is informed by that. - Mayim Bialik
I came to parenting the way most of us do - knowing nothing and trying to learn everything. - Mayim Bialik
I realize that of all people, I am no expert on parenting or marriage. - Mika Brzezinski
Abortion is defended today as a means of ensuring the equality and independence of women, and as a solution to the problems of single parenting, child abuse, and the feminization of poverty. - Robert Casey
So, you know, parenting is a very intimate and amazing experience and one of the best experiences of my life. - Uma Thurman
I had three children while doing a show, as demanding as 'Good Morning America,' so this is - you know, it's almost like I'm less daunted about motherhood, and parenting at this point in time. And I think I'm just much more fit and healthy than I was 20-years-ago. - Joan Lunden
For decades, parents were told by so-called parenting 'experts' that offspring would be best raised on the belief each is special and entitled to all life has to offer. - Bob Barr
Parenting is not for sissies. You have to sacrifice and grow up. - Jillian Michaels
If there is any truth to my parenting the dreamwork movement, it comes from the power of the press. - Henry Reed
I grew up with no money. My kids will grow up with a lot of money and so it's really important to me, and it will always be a part of my parenting, to keep them conscientious and connected socially to other people. - Ryan Phillippe
I take parenting incredibly seriously. I want to be there for my kids and help them navigate the world, and develop skills, emotional intelligence, to enjoy life, and I'm lucky to be able to do that and have two healthy, normal boys. - Joan Cusack
The number of stressors has multiplied exponentially: traffic, money, success, work/life balance, the economy, the environment, parenting, family conflict, relationships, disease. As the nature of human life has become far more complicated, our ancient stress response hasn't been able to keep up. - Andrew Bernstein
I'm torn about late parenting. I believe people should spend their twenties living and having fun and not having any regrets later. I also think people in their thirties generally make better parents but so many of my friends are having trouble - myself included - as fathers get older. - Eric McCormack
My kids love it. I thought I was the coolest dad in the world when I got to be in a Bond film, but 'Harry Potter', too? Well, I think I qualify for a medal for exceptional parenting or something, don't you? - Robbie Coltraine
Parents are key when it comes to keeping kids off drugs. Good parenting is the best anti-drug we have. - Mel Carnahan
I'm a parent, especially when you've had the intense parenting the way I had. It's all in the bank. It's all in the great experience bank. Those are your secrets. That's the stuff that makes your work rich, that's what you dip into. - Hector Elizondo
For me, Twitter works best as a way of taking pictures of being stuck in traffic on the Brooklyn Bridge. If people really want to read really funny quips about life, parenting, and pop culture, then by all means read Michael Ian Black's tweets. - Michael Showalter
In response to our fast-food culture, a 'slow food' movement appeared. Out of hurried parenthood, a move toward slow parenting could be growing. With vital government supports for state-of-the-art public child care and paid parental leave, maybe we would be ready to try slow love and marriage. - Arlie Russell Hochschild
I'm hosting weekend retreats all over America. It is like a 24-hour slumber party for moms. We laugh, eat, play games, get massages, win prizes, talk about parenting and even cry a bit. - Lisa Whelchel
Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity. - Carl Jung
Never cut a tree down in the wintertime. Never make a negative decision in the low time. Never make your most important decisions when you are in your worst moods. Wait. Be patient. The storm will pass. The spring will come. - Robert H. Schuller
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success. - Napoleon Hill
We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joy in the world. - Helen Keller
How poor are they that have not patience! What wound did ever heal but by degrees? - William Shakespeare
Our real blessings often appear to us in the shape of pains, losses and disappointments but let us have patience and we soon shall see them in their proper figures. - Joseph Addison
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet. - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
For anything worth having one must pay the price and the price is always work, patience, love, self-sacrifice - no paper currency, no promises to pay, but the gold of real service. - John Burroughs
Abused patience turns to fury. - Thomas Fuller
How many a man has thrown up his hands at a time when a little more effort, a little more patience would have achieved success. - Elbert Hubbard
Be patient and understanding. Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious. - Phillips Brooks
Have patience with all things, But, first of all with yourself. - Saint Francis de Sales
A man who is a master of patience is master of everything else. - George Savile
The test of good manners is to be patient with the bad ones. - Solomon Ibn Gabirol
I am patient with stupidity but not with those who are proud of it. - Edith Sitwell
It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patience. - Julius Caesar
Have patience. All things are difficult before they become easy. - Saadi
Our patience will achieve more than our force. - Edmund Burke
Genius is eternal patience. - Michelangelo
Good character is not formed in a week or a month. It is created little by little, day by day. Protracted and patient effort is needed to develop good character. - Heraclitus
I'm extraordinarily patient provided I get my own way in the end. - Margaret Thatcher
Endurance is patience concentrated. - Thomas Carlyle
Patience is necessary, and one cannot reap immediately where one has sown. - Soren Kierkegaard
The key to everything is patience. You get the chicken by hatching the egg, not by smashing it. - Arnold H. Glasow
Patience, n. A minor form of dispair, disguised as a virtue. - Ambrose Bierce
I am not a perfect servant. I am a public servant doing my best against the odds. As I develop and serve, be patient. God is not finished with me yet. - Jesse Jackson
Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty. - John Ruskin
Patience has its limits. Take it too far, and it's cowardice. - George Jackson
Humility is attentive patience. - Simone Weil
Who ever is out of patience is out of possession of their soul. - Francis Bacon
Heaven grant us patience with a man in love. - Rudyard Kipling
As for goals, I don't set myself those anymore. I'm not one of these 'I must have achieved this and that by next year' kind of writers. I take things as they come and find that patience and persistence tend to win out in the end. - Paul Kane
All commend patience, but none can endure to suffer. - Thomas Fuller
Patience and Diligence, like faith, remove mountains. - William Penn
Patience is the art of hoping. - Luc de Clapiers
There is something good in all seeming failures. You are not to see that now. Time will reveal it. Be patient. - Sivananda
The practice of patience toward one another, the overlooking of one another's defects, and the bearing of one another's burdens is the most elementary condition of all human and social activity in the family, in the professions, and in society. - Lawrence G. Lovasik
Lack of pep is often mistaken for patience. - Kin Hubbard
Patience is the support of weakness impatience the ruin of strength. - Charles Caleb Colton
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble. - Plautus
If I have done the public any service, it is due to my patient thought. - Isaac Newton
All men commend patience, although few are willing to practice it. - Thomas a Kempis
If you would know strength and patience, welcome the company of trees. - Hal Borland
Fortune knocks but once, but misfortune has much more patience. - Laurence J. Peter
Bear patiently with a rival. - Ovid
Beware the fury of a patient man. - John Dryden
Let him that hath no power of patience retire within himself, though even there he will have to put up with himself. - Baltasar Gracian
Patience is the most necessary quality for business, many a man would rather you heard his story than grant his request. - Lord Chesterfield
God gives me the children's ministry heart and patience. This is what He wants. It's awesome. I don't know where He's gonna take it - but God is building this thing. - Willie Aames
Hope is patience with the lamp lit. - Tertullian
There is no road too long to the man who advances deliberately and without undue haste there are no honors too distant to the man who prepares himself for them with patience. - Jean de la Bruyere
A healthy male adult bore consumes each year one and a half times his own weight in other people's patience. - John Updike
He who rides the sea of the Nile must have sails woven of patience. - William Golding
Patience, that blending of moral courage with physical timidity. - Thomas Hardy
Good ideas are not adopted automatically. They must be driven into practice with courageous patience. - Hyman Rickover
Everyone ought to bear patiently the results of his own conduct. - Phaedrus
You must first have a lot of patience to learn to have patience. - Stanislaw Lec
Never a tear bedims the eye that time and patience will not dry. - Bret Harte
Patience, the beggar's virtue, shall find no harbor here. - Philip Massinger
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation. - Moliere
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. - Harriet Tubman
The keys to patience are acceptance and faith. Accept things as they are, and look realistically at the world around you. Have faith in yourself and in the direction you have chosen. - Ralph Marston
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
If patience is worth anything, it must endure to the end of time. And a living faith will last in the midst of the blackest storm. - Mahatma Gandhi
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures. - Lao Tzu
Patience and time do more than strength or passion. - Jean de La Fontaine
The marvel of all history is the patience with which men and women submit to burdens unnecessarily laid upon them by their governments. - George Washington
He that can have patience can have what he will. - Benjamin Franklin
No, I will be the pattern of all patience I will say nothing. - William Shakespeare
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace. - Victor Hugo
Beware of him that is slow to anger for when it is long coming, it is the stronger when it comes, and the longer kept. Abused patience turns to fury. - Francis Quarles
Patience is the companion of wisdom. - Saint Augustine
It is strange that the years teach us patience that the shorter our time, the greater our capacity for waiting. - Elizabeth Taylor
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. - Leo Tolstoy
I learned patience, perseverance, and dedication. Now I really know myself, and I know my voice. It's a voice of pain and victory. - Anthony Hamilton
I do not have much patience with a thing of beauty that must be explained to be understood. If it does need additional interpretation by someone other than the creator, then I question whether it has fulfilled its purpose. - Charlie Chaplin
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish. - John Quincy Adams
Alcohol gives you infinite patience for stupidity. - Sammy Davis, Jr.
And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we're all sweating it - when we're worried that the bill won't pass, and it seems like all is lost - Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace. - Michelle Obama
Faith is not simply a patience that passively suffers until the storm is past. Rather, it is a spirit that bears things - with resignations, yes, but above all, with blazing, serene hope. - Corazon Aquino
Meekness: Uncommon patience in planning a revenge that is worth while. - Ambrose Bierce
The days of our lives, for all of us, are numbered. We know that. And yes, there are certainly times when we aren't able to muster as much strength and patience as we would like. It's called being human. - Elizabeth Edwards
I do not believe that sheer suffering teaches. If suffering alone taught, all the world would be wise, since everyone suffers. To suffering must be added mourning, understanding, patience, love, openness and the willingness to remain vulnerable. - Anne Morrow Lindbergh
When traveling with someone, take large does of patience and tolerance with your morning coffee. - Helen Hayes
Patience is the ability to idle your motor when you feel like stripping your gears. - Barbara Johnson
We have no patience with other people's vanity because it is offensive to our own. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
There are three secrets to managing. The first secret is have patience. The second is be patient. And the third most important secret is patience. - Chuck Tanner
To bear with patience wrongs done to oneself is a mark of perfection, but to bear with patience wrongs done to someone else is a mark of imperfection and even of actual sin. - Thomas Aquinas
A garden is a grand teacher. It teaches patience and careful watchfulness it teaches industry and thrift above all it teaches entire trust. - Gertrude Jekyll
Endurance is the crowning quality, And patience all the passion of great hearts. - James Russell Lowell
It takes patience to appreciate domestic bliss volatile spirits prefer unhappiness. - George Santayana
Knowing trees, I understand the meaning of patience. Knowing grass, I can appreciate persistence. - Hal Borland
Everything that slows us down and forces patience, everything that sets us back into the slow circles of nature, is a help. Gardening is an instrument of grace. - May Sarton
Patience and tenacity are worth more than twice their weight of cleverness. - Thomas Huxley
I grow plants for many reasons: to please my eye or to please my soul, to challenge the elements or to challenge my patience, for novelty or for nostalgia, but mostly for the joy in seeing them grow. - David Hobson
The Scriptures contain many stories of people who waited years or even decades before the Lord's promises came to pass. What modern believers can learn from the patience of biblical saints like Abraham, Joseph, David, and Paul is that waiting upon the Lord has eternal rewards. - Charles Stanley
Clearly older women and especially older women who have led an active life or elder women who successfully maneuver through their own family life have so much to teach us about sharing, patience, and wisdom. - Alice Walker
I'd like to be more patient! I just want everything now. I've tried to meditate, but it's really hard for me to stay still. I'd like to try to force myself to do it, because everybody says how wonderful meditation is for you, but I can't shut my mind up. So patience and learning is the key. - Ellen DeGeneres
I have not the smarts or patience for political office. - Henry Rollins
Affliction is the wholesome soil of virtue, where patience, honor, sweet humility, and calm fortitude, take root and strongly flourish. - David Mallet
I think you can judge from somebody's actions a kind of a stability and sense of purpose perhaps created by strong religious roots. I mean, there's a certain patience, a certain discipline, I think, that religion helps you achieve. - George W. Bush
As anyone who has ever been around a cat for any length of time well knows, cats have enormous patience with the limitations of the human kind. - Cleveland Amory
Patience is the art of concealing your impatience. - Guy Kawasaki
Patience has its limits, take it too far and it's cowardice. - Holbrook Jackson
With love and patience, nothing is impossible. - Daisaku Ikeda
When I was 20, I thought I was 30 - but I was so far from it. When you're young, you want everything to happen now. As you mature, you can look back and see all the great things you achieved with time and patience. - Elisha Cuthbert
You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for instance. - Franklin P. Jones
Teach us, O Lord, the disciplines of patience, for to wait is often harder than to work. - Peter Marshall
I have declared that patience is never more than patient. I too have declared, that I who am not patient am patient. - Gertrude Stein
It is impossible to practice parliamentary politics without having patience, decency, politeness and courtesy. - Khaleda Zia
I have all the patience in the world about Sirens. For me it's not a Grateful Dead project, it's a Me project. - Jerry Garcia
The principle part of faith is patience. - George MacDonald
Hopelessness has surprised me with patience. - Margaret J. Wheatley
Find patience in the breath of life. - Ryunosuke Satoro
The greatest power is often simple patience. - E. Joseph Cossman
How can a society that exists on instant mashed potatoes, packaged cake mixes, frozen dinners, and instant cameras teach patience to its young? - Paul Sweeney
Gardeners are good at nurturing, and they have a great quality of patience, they're tender. They have to be persistent. - Ralph Fiennes
The first requirement of politics is not intellect or stamina but patience. Politics is a very long run game and the tortoise will usually beat the hare. - John Major
I think patience is a skill and I wish I had it. - David Duchovny
Patience can't be acquired overnight. It is just like building up a muscle. Every day you need to work on it. - Eknath Easwaran
There is no harm in patience, and no profit in lamentation. Death is easier to bear (than) that which precedes it, and more severe than that which comes after it. Remember the death of the Apostle of God, and your sorrow will be lessened. - Abu Bakr
There is no substitute for hard work, 23 or 24 hours a day. And there is no substitute for patience and acceptance. - Cesar Chavez
I can imagine few things more trying to the patience than the long wasted days of waiting. - Robert Falcon Scott
I'm terrible with patience. - Katherine Heigl
If I could have one prayer answered, I would pray for patience. I move so fast sometimes. I try to slow down. - Debra Winger
A final word: I am not knowledgeable about the internet. I do not have a computer. I guess that at 74 years of age, I don't have the patience to learn. - David Wilkerson
It's a war of attrition. If you have patience and a modicum of faith in yourself your chances are not too bad. - Julie Bowen
A show that no one thought had a chance has just finished its fifth year: Charmed. I think it's tougher for the younger networks, so I think they have a little more patience for the sake of the show. But who knows? - Aaron Spelling
I don't play pyrotechnic scales. I play about frustration, patience, anger. Music is an extension of my soul. - Dick Dale
Only those who have patience to do simple things perfectly ever acquire the skill to do difficult things easily. - James J. Corbett
There are very little things in this life I cannot afford and patience is one of them. - Larry Hagman
Luck is a component that a lot of people in the arts sometimes fail to recognise: that you can have talent, perseverance, patience, but without luck you will not have a successful career. - Bryan Cranston
A statesman wants courage and a statesman wants vision but believe me, after six months' experience, he wants first, second, third and all the time - patience. - Stanley Baldwin
My mum told me to have patience. It's about realising that when things aren't going the way you want them to, or you don't have inspiration, it will come. - Vanessa Paradis
It has taken a great deal of energy, which has not been so difficult to summon as the necessary patience to wait, simply wait much of the time - until my instincts assured me that I had assembled my materials in proper order for a final welding into their natural form. - Hart Crane
So when I do Chinese cooking, I mix everything together, then the kids have to eat their vegetables. They won't have the patience to pick them out. - Martin Yan
I believe there's too little patience and context to many of the investigations I read or see on television. - Bob Woodward
Artists know that diligence counts as much, if not more, as inspiration in art, as in politics, patience counts as much as revolution. - Tony Kushner
Temperamentally I'm not a natural producer, because I don't have the patience. - Damian Lewis
You have to respect your parents. They are giving you an at-bat. If you're an entrepreneur and go into the family business, you want to grow fast. Patience is important. But respect the other party... My dad and I pulled it off because we really respect each other. - Gary Vaynerchuk
Deliberately seek opportunities for kindness, sympathy, and patience. - Evelyn Underhill
Everyone is given one gift, a reason for being, and it's our obligation to do something with it. Obviously, it's a challenge - but if you're not taking the bull by the horns, I have no patience for you. You're just taking up space. - Melissa Rosenberg
We are telling the American people to have patience, courage, resolve and determination. - Muammar al-Gaddafi
I think I have more patience now than I did in the past. - T. Boone Pickens
Because I'm the author of my screenplays I know what I'm looking for. It's true that I can be stubborn in demanding that I get what I want, but it's also a question of working with patience and love. - Michael Haneke
Patience was not my strong point. - Lauren Bacall
Thank God my parents had an abundance of patience. - Lexa Doig
One problem with age is that patience begins to ebb. - Carl Hiaasen
My biggest weakness is patience, wanting to see things happen too quickly or get changes in place right away. Not having the patience to let things develop. - Paul Gleason
I haven't been given many things, but I've been given ample, limitless patience. - Lincoln Diaz-Balart
When you read about a car crash in which two or three youngsters are killed, do you pause to dwell on the amount of love and treasure and patience parents poured into bodies no longer suitable for open caskets? - Jim Bishop
Patience was not something that came naturally to me, but in cooking it is the quintessential skill. - Gail Simmons
Patience is the secret to good food. - Gail Simmons
You know, I lose patience really easily I'd rather shop in the grocery store than in the department store. I can pick an apple like nobody's business. - Gail Simmons
Republican patience with how unionism deals with the political institutions, and with key issues like equality and human rights, will be tested because, obviously, there will be a battle a day on these matters. So lets face up to all of this with our eyes wide open. - Gerry Adams
You have to find the peace and patience within yourself to be a model and an example to others and not judge. - Judith Light
God's way of answering the Christian's prayer for more patience, experience, hope and love often is to put him into the furnace of affliction. - Richard Cecil
No, you're not allowed to be bossy when you're married. You have to learn compromise, and compassion and patience. - Star Jones
People ask me a lot about the values I got from playing for the Cubs for so many years. The value I got out of it was patience. A lot of people these days are not very patient. - Ernie Banks
I've worked so hard to eliminate the inner geek from my life. I suddenly realize I have no patience for those people who still have their geeks showing. Now I see why being 'normal' has been so important to me. - Kenny Loggins
Honestly, I didn't have the patience for biology or history in an academic sense, but I always liked the kind of big questions. - Andrew Bird
In this day and age, you need a lot of patience if you are in the movie business. - Brett Ratner
When I was in the first grade I was afraid of the teacher and had a miserable time in the reading circle, a difficulty that was overcome by the loving patience of my second grade teacher. Even though I could read, I refused to do so. - Beverly Cleary
Give your dog or cat respect, patience, understanding and love. And if you just change to one vegetarian day a week, that's a wonderful step that will save animal lives. It means you have chosen something kind instead of something cruel. - Ingrid Newkirk
In movies, there are some things the French do that Americans are increasingly incapable of doing. One is honoring the complexities of youth. It's a quiet, difficult undertaking, requiring subtlety in a filmmaker and perception and patience from us. - Wesley Morris
I have no patience at all. - Alan Sugar
Writing is good, thinking is better. Cleverness is good, patience is better. - Herman Hesse
The strong manly ones in life are those who understand the meaning of the word patience. - Tokugawa Ieyasu
And we ask the American people to play an important part of our layered defense. We ask for cooperation, patience and a commitment to vigilance in the face of a determined enemy. - Janet Napolitano
When I said a few weeks ago that our people would eat cooking oil and olives if necessary, I didn't mean that there really would be only oil and olives. What I meant was that our people have the necessary patience to endure the current difficult situation. Palestinians would rather do without certain food items than their national rights. - Ismail Haniyeh
I don't have a lot of patience for boring arthouse movies. - Zoe Kazan
We had great faith that with patience, understanding, and education, that my family and I could be helpful in changing their minds and attitudes around. - Ryan White
Secretary of War Stanton used to get out of patience with Lincoln because he was all the time pardoning men who ought to be shot. - Elihu Root
My advice to someone to follow in my footsteps is to have patience. I've been doing this for twelve years. - Christina Milian
Now it is evident that a little insight into the customs of every people is necessary to insure a kindly communication this, joined with patience and kindness, will seldom fail with the natives of the interior. - Charles Sturt
Sad Patience, too near neighbour to despair. - Matthew Arnold
Work hard. And have patience. Because no matter who you are, you're going to get hurt in your career and you have to be patient to get through the injuries. - Randy Johnson
Is the patience of the American people that long suffering? Is there no outrage left in the country? - Andrew Greeley
I've said my patience is not infinite. - Darrell Issa
True enough, nature has endowed me with a fair measure of patience and composure, yet I should be lying if I told you that, having seen the reporter off on his way to make his deadline, I fell peacefully asleep. - Leon Jouhaux
My impression is that most women public service workers have a long fuse. Precisely because they care so deeply about services, more than anyone, they still want to find a sensible and fair negotiated agreement. But their patience has run out. - Frances O'Grady
While it is true that Frank had a great sense of humor, he was also very serious about composing music. In reality there are only a handful of skilled players who can play his most complex pieces. It takes a lot of patience to learn and requires a fantastic memory. - Dweezil Zappa
I think God's really blessed me with patience. I'm good with a lot of things going on at once. - Niki Taylor
Patience is passion tamed. - Lyman Abbott
I'm not really easy to live with! There needs to be unlimited patience and unconditional love. Men I've known before loved my independent spirit and were proud of my success, to the point that they'd become jealous of the time I devote to my career. - Milla Jovovich
I have a huge respect for writers and realise that this is not an area that I find easy. I doubt that I would have the patience in front of a blank sheet of paper to become a writer. - Jenny Agutter
My relationship with the Philharmonia Orchestra brought me many times to London and I will always reflect positively on that early period of development with them - their patience, their warmth, their dedication. - Gustavo Dudamel
Everything is out there if you know how to find it, and have the patience. I don't and haven't, but that's my problem. - Tom Holt
Reading a novel in which all characters illustrate patience, hard work, chastity, and delayed gratification could be a pretty dull experience. - Thomas Perry
I pray they will carry on in spite of that dreadful monster prejudice, and with patience, courage, fortitude and perseverance achieve success for themselves. - Major Taylor
Americans have less and less patience for the intrusive and divisive moral scolds who thrived in the bubbles of the Clinton and Bush years. - Frank Rich
I've always been a person with patience, and I don't like to force things. - Harry Shum, Jr.
It seems likely that many of the young who don't wait for others to call them artists, but simply announce that they are, don't have the patience to make art. - Pauline Kael
Tolerance, compromise, understanding, acceptance, patience - I want those all to be very sharp tools in my shed. - Cee Lo Green
Patience means restraining one's inclinations. - Tokugawa Ieyasu
The patience of the American public with dilatory diplomatic delays will be very limited. - Tom Lantos
I wish I was a shredder that could play everything, but I don't have the patience. - Dave Navarro
There's not a lot of room anymore for what I call 'made-up' drama. The drama comes from real places now - marriage takes work and focus, the kid stuff takes patience and commitment. And if you don't grow as people and as a couple, within all of that, then you've got some real drama. - Jeremy Sisto
Patience makes a women beautiful in middle age. - Elliot Paul
I think the Iraqi people have shown extraordinary patience and courage in the last few months. They have really put a political system on the way to success, to a real democracy here. - Paul Bremer
The very important thing you should have is patience. - Jack Ma
Speaking from my experience as a person involved for a long time in building the European Union, it is important to have patience and efforts to build a community of nations. - Giorgio Napolitano
My wife is the most awesome person in the universe. She's made this experience much less miserable for me, with her compassion, patience and understanding. - Wil Wheaton
Patience has never been my strong suit. - Michael Chiklis
Constant repetition of tongue-twisters was like lifting weights for me, but patience and persistence have paid off. - Nicholas Brendon
Your patience would fail you if I should continue to relate all the disrespectful speeches and treatment which your servants have been obliged to listen to and patiently to bear. - Peter Stuyvesant
To understand a difficult topic like Iraq takes patience and care. Unfortunately, you rarely hear a patient, careful or thoughtful discussion of intelligence these days. - George Tenet
I've learned the importance of loving what you do. I have also learned more patience due to the nature of the music business. - Randy Travis
I haven't got a lot of patience. - Jeffrey Katzenberg
It's amazing. My kids have grown me in ways I never knew possible. The patience I've received and the love I get from them is just amazing. - Candace Cameron Bure
Anyhow, a philosophical turn of thought now was not amiss, else one's patience would have given out almost at the harbour entrance. The term of her probation was eight days. - Joshua Slocum
Patience is sorrow's salve. - Charles Churchill
You know, writing is really difficult, and it takes a real patience and a skill. I don't know if I have that. I admire it in others, so much, and I envy it. - Adam Scott
Beauty, unlike the rest of the gifts handed out at birth, does not require dedication, patience and hard work to pay off. But it's also the only gift that does not keep on giving. - Paulina Porizkova
My three Ps: passion, patience, perseverance. You have to do this if you've got to be a filmmaker. - Robert Wise
Sometimes they are a matter of luck the photographer could not expect or hope for them. Sometimes they are a matter of patience, waiting for an effect to be repeated that he has seen and lost or for one that he anticipates. - Bill Brandt
I think there's not much patience for organized labour, period, public or private sector. - Kathleen Wynne
That's why I never became a director. I never had patience with people. - Ray Harryhausen
Patience is the best medicine. - John Florio
And so, at the age of thirty, I had successively disgraced myself with three fine institutions, each of which had made me free of its full and rich resources, had trained me with skill and patience, and had shown me nothing but forbearance and charity when I failed in trust. - Simon Raven
He preacheth patience that never knew pain. - H. G. Bohn
The only thing of weight that can be said against modern honor is that it is directly opposite to religion. The one bids you bear injuries with patience, the other tells you if you don't resent them, you are not fit to live. - Bernard de Mandeville
I will exercise patience and will provide all facts to the general public. - Yingluck Shinawatra
As I pass it, I feel as if I saw a dear old mother, sweet in her weakness, trembling at the approach of her dissolution, but not appealing to me against the inevitable, rather endeavouring to reassure me by her patience, and pointing to a hopeful future. - Thomas Edward Brown
This is the story of what a Woman's patience can endure, and what a Man's resolution can achieve. - Wilkie Collins
Soon I knew the craft of experimental physics was beyond me - it was the sublime quality of patience - patience in accumulating data, patience with recalcitrant equipment - which I sadly lacked. - Abdus Salam
As a young boy, I read 'Cheaper by the Dozen' and immediately became neurotic about my use of time. It taxed me severely, but only for the next 50 years. But I think it also allowed me to discipline myself to sit in the chair and be a writer, where one of the most needed qualities is patience. - Ridley Pearson
Difficult years lie ahead, patience is required. - Yiannis Stournaras
If you have confidence you have patience. Confidence, that is everything. - Ilie Nastase
So it's been a slow process and it's taken some patience. That's why patients are called patients I think - patience is required. - Bowie Kuhn
I've done an awful lot of stuff that's a monument to public patience. - Tyrone Power
If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under. - Ronald Reagan
Nationalism is an infantile disease. It is the measles of mankind. - Albert Einstein
Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty. - John F. Kennedy
Patriot: the person who can holler the loudest without knowing what he is hollering about. - Mark Twain
I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose. - John F. Kennedy
Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious. - Oscar Wilde
You're not supposed to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who says it. - Malcolm X
Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all others because you were born in it. - George Bernard Shaw
It is lamentable, that to be a good patriot one must become the enemy of the rest of mankind. - Voltaire
We, the People, recognize that we have responsibilities as well as rights that our destinies are bound together that a freedom which only asks what's in it for me, a freedom without a commitment to others, a freedom without love or charity or duty or patriotism, is unworthy of our founding ideals, and those who died in their defense. - Barack Obama
True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else. - Clarence Darrow
One of the great attractions of patriotism - it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. - Aldous Huxley
Each nation feels superior to other nations. That breeds patriotism - and wars. - Dale Carnegie
Can anything be stupider than that a man has the right to kill me because he lives on the other side of a river and his ruler has a quarrel with mine, though I have not quarrelled with him? - Blaise Pascal
The highest patriotism is not a blind acceptance of official policy, but a love of one's country deep enough to call her to a higher plain. - George McGovern
Patriotism is easy to understand in America. It means looking out for yourself by looking out for your country. - Calvin Coolidge
Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear - kept us in a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor - with the cry of grave national emergency. - Douglas MacArthur
Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons. - Bertrand Russell
Patriotism is usually stronger than class hatred, and always stronger than internationalism. - George Orwell
Patriotism is the last refuge of the scoundrel. - Samuel Johnson
Dissent is the highest form of patriotism. - Howard Zinn
No matter that patriotism is too often the refuge of scoundrels. Dissent, rebellion, and all-around hell-raising remain the true duty of patriots. - Barbara Ehrenreich
Patriotism is when love of your own people comes first nationalism, when hate for people other than your own comes first. - Charles de Gaulle
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works. - Bill Vaughan
The greater the state, the more wrong and cruel its patriotism, and the greater is the sum of suffering upon which its power is founded. - Leo Tolstoy
I have no country to fight for my country is the earth, and I am a citizen of the world. - Eugene V. Debs
A nation is a society united by a delusion about its ancestry and by common hatred of its neighbours. - William Ralph Inge
Patriotism is often an arbitrary veneration of real estate above principles. - George Jean Nathan
137 years later, Memorial Day remains one of America's most cherished patriotic observances. The spirit of this day has not changed - it remains a day to honor those who died defending our freedom and democracy. - Doc Hastings
Patriotism is a kind of religion it is the egg from which wars are hatched. - Guy de Maupassant
I am not an Athenian or a Greek, but a citizen of the world. - Diogenes
To me, it seems a dreadful indignity to have a soul controlled by geography. - George Santayana
We'll try to cooperate fully with the IRS, because, as citizens, we feel a strong patriotic duty not to go to jail. - Dave Barry
Liberals become indignant when you question their patriotism, but simultaneously work overtime to give terrorists a cushion for the next attack and laugh at dumb Americans who love their country and hate the enemy. - Ann Coulter
I realize that patriotism is not enough. I must have no hatred or bitterness towards anyone. - Edith Cavell
Most Italians who came to this country are very patriotic. There was this exciting possibility that if you worked real hard, and you loved something, you could become successful. - Francis Ford Coppola
I do think the patriotic thing to do is to critique my country. How else do you make a country better but by pointing out its flaws? - Bill Maher
It is the patriotic duty of every man to lie for his country. - Alfred Adler
The tree of liberty needs to be watered from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants. - Lyn Nofziger
Patriotism is an instant reaction that fades away when the war starts. - Mick Jagger
The patriot blood of my father was warm in my veins. - Clara Barton
The heights of popularity and patriotism are still the beaten road to power and tyranny. - David Hume
Unless our conception of patriotism is progressive, it cannot hope to embody the real affection and the real interest of the nation. - Jane Addams
It was patriotism, not communism, that inspired me. - Ho Chi Minh
It is not easy to see how the more extreme forms of nationalism can long survive when men have seen the Earth in its true perspective as a single small globe against the stars. - Arthur C. Clarke
Intellectually I know that America is no better than any other country emotionally I know she is better than every other country. - Sinclair Lewis
They are patriotic in time of war because it is to their interest to be so, but in time of peace they follow power and the dollar wherever they may lead. - Henry A. Wallace
Patriotism is voluntary. It is a feeling of loyalty and allegiance that is the result of knowledge and belief. A patriot shows their their patriotism through their actions, by their choice. - Jesse Ventura
I'm an advocate of the great Dr. Johnson, the English man of letters who said that patriotism was the last refuge of the scoundrel. - George Galloway
The proper means of increasing the love we bear our native country is to reside some time in a foreign one. - William Shenstone
The most tragic paradox of our time is to be found in the failure of nation-states to recognize the imperatives of internationalism. - Earl Warren
We do not consider patriotism desirable if it contradicts civilized behavior. - Friedrich Durrenmatt
The love of one's country is a splendid thing. But why should love stop at the border? - Pablo Casals
I distinguish, between nationalism and patriotism. - Michael Ignatieff
The very idea of true patriotism is lost, and the term has been prostituted to the very worst of purposes. A patriot, sir! Why, patriots spring up like mushrooms! - Robert Walpole
I saw courage both in the Vietnam War and in the struggle to stop it. I learned that patriotism includes protest, not just military service. - John F. Kerry
Patriotism has served, at different times, as widely different ends as a razor, which ought to be used in keeping your face clean and yet may be used to cut your own throat or that of an innocent person. - Charles Edward Montague
Nationalism is a silly cock crowing on his own dunghill. - Richard Aldington
Patriotism must be founded on great principals and supported by great virtue. - Henry Bolingbroke
Next to the love of God, the love of country is the best preventive of crime. - George Borrow
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it. - Mark Twain
Heroism on command, senseless violence, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism - how passionately I hate them! - Albert Einstein
Guard against the impostures of pretended patriotism. - George Washington
You'll never have a quiet world till you knock the patriotism out of the human race. - George Bernard Shaw
I define nothing. Not beauty, not patriotism. I take each thing as it is, without prior rules about what it should be. - Bob Dylan
What this country needs what every country needs occasionally is a good hard bloody war to revive the vice of patriotism on which its existence as a nation depends. - Ambrose Bierce
Patriotism. Combustible rubbish ready to the torch of any one ambitious to illuminate his name. - Ambrose Bierce
A man's country is not a certain area of land, of mountains, rivers, and woods, but it is a principle and patriotism is loyalty to that principle. - George William Curtis
Americans admire a people who can scratch a desert and produce a garden. The Israelis have shown qualities that Americans identify with: guts, patriotism, idealism, a passion for freedom. I have seen it. I know. I believe that. - Richard M. Nixon
You're not supposed to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong no matter who does it or who says it. - Malcom X
But this Veterans Day, I believe we should do more than sing the praises of the bravery and patriotism that our veterans have embodied in the past. We should take this opportunity to re-evaluate how we are treating our veterans in the present. - Nick Lampson
Patriotism, when it wants to make itself felt in the domain of learning, is a dirty fellow who should be thrown out of doors. - Arthur Schopenhauer
Love and business and family and religion and art and patriotism are nothing but shadows of words when a man's starving! - O. Henry
Politics is too partisan, and sometimes patriotism is cast aside. Patriotism is honor and love of your country and your brothers and sisters. With politics I get the impression that it's all about what's good for the party and not necessarily what's good for the country. - Ricardo Montalban
Look, I think Hispanic community - the values that resonate in our community are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family and patriotism. - Ted Cruz
Unfortunately, after Sept. 11, there was an outburst in America of intense suffering and patriotism, and the Bush administration was very shrewd and effective in painting anyone who disagreed with the policies as unpatriotic or even traitorous. - Jimmy Carter
One, if you attack my integrity, I will defend myself. If you attack my patriotism, I will defend myself. If you come after my family, I will counter-attack viciously, I will destroy you. - Scott Ritter
During times of war, hatred becomes quite respectable even though it has to masquerade often under the guise of patriotism. - Howard Thurman
Patriotism is an ephemeral motive that scarcely ever outlasts the particular threat to society that aroused it. - Denis Diderot
Patriotism is best exemplified through auto-critique. When you're willing to stand up within the group and say, 'It is wrong for Black people to be anti-Semitic,' or 'It is wrong for America to discriminate against persons of African descent and made them slaves and based its wealth upon free labor,' it's crucial to say that. - Henry Louis Gates
Patriotism is best exemplified through auto-critique. - Henry Louis Gates
I believe patriotism comes from the heart. Patriotism is voluntary. It is a feeling of loyalty and allegiance that is the result of knowledge and belief. - Jesse Ventura
Patriotism consists not in waving the flag, but in striving that our country shall be righteous as well as strong. - James Bryce
Patriotism is not a short and frenzied outburst of emotion but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. - Adlai Stevenson
There are those who wrap themselves in flags and blow the tinny trumpet of patriotism as a means of fooling the people. - George Galloway
I want to light the lights of patriotism. - Lech Walesa
There is a real patriotism underneath the best of my music but it is a critical, questioning and often angry patriotism. - Bruce Springsteen
These fallen heroes represent the character of a nation who has a long history of patriotism and honor - and a nation who has fought many battles to keep our country free from threats of terror. - Michael N. Castle
Well, the post office is probably not the place you want to go if you want to be infused with patriotism and a renewed sense of vigor. - Adam Carolla
There is no patriotic obligation to help advance the career of a politician who is otherwise pursuing interests that are fundamentally antithetical to your values. That's not the call of patriotism. - John Bolton
I don't want to see the military falling. I want to see the military rising to dignified heights of professionalism and true patriotism. - Aung San Suu Kyi
The aspects of patriotism that hush dissent, encourage going along, and sanction comfortable distancing and compliance with what is indecent and unacceptable... those aspects are too fundamental to ignore or gloss over. - Bernadine Dohrn
We are a big country, with lots of advantages and history. We are proud to be French. We have to call on patriotism at this time... to ask for an effort in the battle against debt. - Francois Hollande
If military movies were automatically successful we'd make nothing but military movies. But seriously, patriotism is one thing that all Americans have in common. - Tommy Lee Jones
Every man who has shown the world the way to beauty, to true culture, has been a rebel, a 'universal' without patriotism, without home, who has found his people everywhere. - Chaim Potok
If you are tired of partisanship over patriotism, you need to vote for a change in direction. - Jennifer Granholm
I think the Hispanic community, the values that resonate in our community, are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family, patriotism. - Ted Cruz
For a writer only one form of patriotism exists: his attitude toward language. - Joseph Brodsky
I have long believed that sacrifice is the pinnacle of patriotism. - Bob Riley
Patriotism is considered to be an emotion a person ought to feel. But why? Why is it nobler to love your own country than to love someone else's? - Wallace Shawn
My commitment to the Republican movement was pure and simply patriotism, a love of Australia... a desire or passion that all of our national symbols should be unequivocally and unambiguously Australian. - Malcolm Turnbull
The mobilisation which Bush has been able to perform since 11 September 2001 has to be fought - at least by Americans - in the name of a wise, honourable and democratic patriotism. - Todd Gitlin
There is a fuzzy but real distinction that can and I believe should be made, between patriotism, which is attachment to a way of life, and nationalism, which is the insistence that your way of life deserves to rule over other ways of life. - Todd Gitlin
Some versions of patriotism come close to the tribal, which we all want to surpass, and some don't. - Todd Gitlin
In 'The King's Speech,' patriotism is utterly contained within a historical moment, the third of September, 1939, where the aggressor is clear, the fight is clear, it hasn't become complicated over time. - Tom Hooper
I think English film is very embarrassed by patriotism, generally. - Tom Hooper
Gentlemen have talked a great deal of patriotism. A venerable word, when duly practiced. - Robert Walpole
The music industry's actions at the time of 9/11 and since have been actions driven by patriotism in most instances, and greed and stupidity to a lesser degree. Sounds like real life doesn't it? - Ronnie James Dio
Men in authority will always think that criticism of their policies is dangerous. They will always equate their policies with patriotism, and find criticism subversive. - Henry Steele Commager
In every society in human history, including the United States, those in power seek to imbue themselves with the attributes of religion and patriotism as a way of getting greater support for their policy and insulating themselves from any criticism. - George J. Mitchell
Patriotism is strong nationalistic feeling for a country whose borders and whose legitimacy and whose ethnic composition is taken for granted. - Michael Ignatieff
There's intense national feeling in America that could be called patriotism. - Michael Ignatieff
Across the country military families are facing dire financial circumstances due to longer than expected tours of duties. They are being penalized for their patriotism - no one should have to choose between doing right by their country and doing right by their families. - Evan Bayh
I think Hispanic community - the values that resonate in our community are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family and patriotism. Do you know the rate of military enlistment among Hispanics is higher than any demographic in this country? And they are also hard work and responsibility. - Ted Cruz
Totalitarianism is patriotism institutionalized. - Steve Allen
The values, the programs, the formula, the determination, and the patriotism responsible for America's past success are still here to be tapped. - Michael Mandelbaum
There are others who aim at popularity under the disguise of patriotism. - Jonathan Mayhew
It seems that American patriotism measures itself against an outcast group. The right Americans are the right Americans because they're not like the wrong Americans, who are not really Americans. - Eric Hobsbawm
I think the reaction to a World War II situation would be the same today as it was in 1942. Initially, people would question, but once patriotism got stirred up, the whole thing would gather momentum and we'd all pull together. - Parker Stevenson
America beats on you so hard the whole time. You are constantly being pummeled by other people's rights and their sense of patriotism. - Richard Ford
The higher American patriotism, on the other hand, combines loyalty to historical tradition and precedent with the imaginative projection of an ideal national Promise. - Herbert Croly
Our young people have come to look upon war as a kind of beneficent deity, which not only adds to the national honor but uplifts a nation and develops patriotism and courage. - Rebecca Harding Davis
Let's give some substance to patriotism. It may take a generation. - Richard Dreyfuss
In all her history, from the formation of the federal government until the hour of secession, no year stands out more prominently than the year 1858 as evidencing the national patriotism of Virginia. - John Sergeant Wise
I am delighted with the strong vote I have received. My message of positive leadership, patriotism and commitment clearly was resonating with tens of thousands of ordinary Irish people. - Michael D. Higgins
Although the war in which you fought took place more than half-a-century ago, your courage, your sacrifice and your patriotism reaches through the decades and inspires us today. - Mike Ferguson
But my patriotism goes for something beyond what we have. We don't have something that I want to die for - anymore. - Jack Bowman
One tell-tale sign of a Wingnut: they always confuse partisanship with patriotism. - John Avlon
True patriotism isn't cheap. It's about taking on a fair share of the burden of keeping America going. - Robert Reich
If terror groups are to be defeated, it is national governments that will have to do so. In nations like India, governments will have to call on the patriotism of citizens to fight the terrorists. In a nation like Pakistan, the government will have to be persuaded to deal with those in their midst who are complicit. - Bill Kristol
Patriotism is an indispensable weapon in the defense of civilization against barbarism. - Bill Kristol
But presidential approval also became a surrogate measure of national unity and patriotism. - Thomas E. Mann
Jews have had to carry around their own sense of self in a carpet bag and I think perhaps too much emphasis might be being put on nationality and on the other hand patriotism, that sort of thing. - Janet Suzman
It is our conduct, our patriotism and belief in our American way of life, our courage that will win the final battle. - Prescott Bush
Patriotism in America, as I understand it, is a matter of suffering, when the country fails to live up to its promises, or actively betrays them. - Greil Marcus
Unfortunately, religion, like patriotism, is easy to misuse for political purposes. - Kjell Magne Bondevik
To believe that patriotism will not flourish if patriotic ceremonies are voluntary... is to make an unflattering estimate of the appeal of our institutions to free minds. - Robert Jackson
I have no sense of patriotism, but I do have a sense of community. - Chrissie Hynde
Our platform calls for a balanced deficit reduction plan where the wealthy pay their fair share. And when your country is in a costly war, with our soldiers sacrificing abroad and our nation facing a debt crisis at home, being asked to pay your fair share isn't class warfare - it's patriotism. - Cory Booker
When your country is in a costly war, with our soldiers sacrificing abroad and our nation facing a debt crisis at home, being asked to pay your fair share isn't class warfare - it's patriotism. - Cory Booker
Patriotism is the religion of hell. - James Branch Cabell
My films are always concerned with family, friendship, honor, and patriotism. - John Woo
It is not the Government, the members of Parliament to whom the ultimate decision belongs, it is up to you to go forward sure of your sacred right of free opinion, sure of your patriotism. - John Amery
I think that economic patriotism is the very foundation of a European vision. - Dominique de Villepin
1 month ago the American people stopped to remember the third anniversary of the beginning of the Iraq war. We thought first and foremost of the selflessness, patriotism and heroism by our troops, our National Guard and Reserves. - Rosa DeLauro
When a dog barks at the moon, then it is religion but when he barks at strangers, it is patriotism! - David Starr Jordan
Patriotism was a living fire of unquestioned belief and purpose. - Frank Knox
America's state religion, is patriotism, a phenomenon which has convinced many of the citizenry that 'treason' is morally worse than murder or rape. - William Blum
Unfortunately, our history has abundant examples of patriotism being used to hurt those who express views in disagreement with that of the majority. - Vic Snyder
The sight of nature fascinates, the family tie has a sweet enchantment and patriotism gives the religious spirit a fiery devotion to the powers that it reveres. - Bruno Bauer
There are no points of the compass on the chart of true patriotism. - Robert Charles Winthrop
Obama has been attacked repeatedly for not wearing a flag pin, with Republicans claiming that his patriotism is in question. It's all a bit silly. - Will Thomas
These martyrs of patriotism gave their lives for an idea. - Schuyler Colfax
We need a type of patriotism that recognizes the virtues of those who are opposed to us. - Francis John McConnell
When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace. - Jimi Hendrix
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind. - Mahatma Gandhi
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. - Mother Teresa
I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Imagine all the people living life in peace. You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us, and the world will be as one. - John Lennon
Peace begins with a smile. - Mother Teresa
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable. - John F. Kennedy
Peace cannot be achieved through violence, it can only be attained through understanding. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The most valuable possession you can own is an open heart. The most powerful weapon you can be is an instrument of peace. - Carlos Santana
It isn't enough to talk about peace. One must believe in it. And it isn't enough to believe in it. One must work at it. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Nobody can bring you peace but yourself. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I believe in the religion of Islam. I believe in Allah and peace. - Muhammad Ali
A peace is of the nature of a conquest for then both parties nobly are subdued, and neither party loser. - William Shakespeare
If you want to make peace with your enemy, you have to work with your enemy. Then he becomes your partner. - Nelson Mandela
Peace and friendship with all mankind is our wisest policy, and I wish we may be permitted to pursue it. - Thomas Jefferson
He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. - Benjamin Franklin
A people free to choose will always choose peace. - Ronald Reagan
Peace is a journey of a thousand miles and it must be taken one step at a time. - Lyndon B. Johnson
Even peace may be purchased at too high a price. - Benjamin Franklin
Nonviolence is the first article of my faith. It is also the last article of my creed. - Mahatma Gandhi
Peace is its own reward. - Mahatma Gandhi
It is an unfortunate fact that we can secure peace only by preparing for war. - John F. Kennedy
I think that people want peace so much that one of these days government had better get out of their way and let them have it. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
The real and lasting victories are those of peace, and not of war. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm concentrating on staying healthy, having peace, being happy, remembering what is important, taking in nature and animals, spending time reading, trying to understand the universe, where science and the spiritual meet. - Joan Jett
Let there be work, bread, water and salt for all. - Nelson Mandela
We make war that we may live in peace. - Aristotle
Dear God, Please send to me the spirit of Your peace. Then send, dear Lord, the spirit of peace from me to all the world. Amen. - Marianne Williamson
I dream of an Africa which is in peace with itself. - Nelson Mandela
Those who are at war with others are not at peace with themselves. - William Hazlitt
I can promise you that women working together - linked, informed and educated - can bring peace and prosperity to this forsaken planet. - Isabel Allende
Every goal, every action, every thought, every feeling one experiences, whether it be consciously or unconsciously known, is an attempt to increase one's level of peace of mind. - Sydney Madwed
Peace is not only better than war, but infinitely more arduous. - George Bernard Shaw
You cannot find peace by avoiding life. - Virginia Woolf
You will find peace not by trying to escape your problems, but by confronting them courageously. You will find peace not in denial, but in victory. - J. Donald Walters
One does not need buildings, money, power, or status to practice the Art of Peace. Heaven is right where you are standing, and that is the place to train. - Morihei Ueshiba
War will never cease until babies begin to come into the world with larger cerebrums and smaller adrenal glands. - H. L. Mencken
If they want peace, nations should avoid the pin-pricks that precede cannon shots. - Napoleon Bonaparte
Peace is not an absence of war, it is a virtue, a state of mind, a disposition for benevolence, confidence, justice. - Baruch Spinoza
It is madness for sheep to talk peace with a wolf. - Thomas Fuller
I think it's naive to pray for world peace if we're not going to change the form in which we live. - Godfrey Reggio
Peace and justice are two sides of the same coin. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
It is easier to lead men to combat, stirring up their passion, than to restrain them and direct them toward the patient labors of peace. - Andre Gide
Peace is liberty in tranquillity. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
The pursuit of peace and progress cannot end in a few years in either victory or defeat. The pursuit of peace and progress, with its trials and its errors, its successes and its setbacks, can never be relaxed and never abandoned. - Dag Hammarskjold
The simplification of life is one of the steps to inner peace. A persistent simplification will create an inner and outer well-being that places harmony in one's life. - Peace Pilgrim
Complete peace equally reigns between two mental waves. - Swami Sivananda
For behind all imperialism is ultimately the imperialistic individual, just as behind all peace is ultimately the peaceful individual. - Irving Babbitt
To attain inner peace you must actually give your life, not just your possessions. When you at last give your life - bringing into alignment your beliefs and the way you live then, and only then, can you begin to find inner peace. - Peace Pilgrim
Peace is rarely denied to the peaceful. - Friedrich Schiller
People always make war when they say they love peace. - David Herbert Lawrence
The forces that are driving mankind toward unity and peace are deep-seated and powerful. They are material and natural, as well as moral and intellectual. - Arthur Henderson
I don't know whether war is an interlude during peace, or peace an interlude during war. - Georges Clemenceau
It has become impossible to give up the enterprise of disarmament without abandoning the whole great adventure of building up a collective peace system. - Arthur Henderson
Peace hath higher tests of manhood, than battle ever knew. - John Greenleaf Whittier
Yes, we love peace, but we are not willing to take wounds for it, as we are for war. - John Andrew Holmes
The quest for peace begins in the home, in the school and in the workplace. - Silvia Cartwright
I happen to dig being able to use whatever mystique I have to further the idea of peace. - Garrett Morris
The only important thing I have to say is that my father never fought against his country. - Zinedine Zidane
I declare that I will establish peace in this world. - Prem Rawat
Of one thing I am certain, the body is not the measure of healing, peace is the measure. - Phyllis McGinley
Peace is the first thing the angels sang. - John Keble
Peace is when time doesn't matter as it passes by. - Maria Schell
You don't have to have fought in a war to love peace. - Geraldine Ferraro
The business of peace requires more than showing up with paint brushes, foodstuffs and an oil pipeline or two. - Tony Snow
This enemy of peace in the world today is unlike any we have seen in the past, and our military is learning from, and building on, previous successes while carrying peace and freedom into the future. - Mark Kennedy
Power to the peaceful! - Michael Franti
The Dove, on silver pinions, winged her peaceful way. - James Montgomery
One is called to live nonviolently, even if the change one works for seems impossible. - Daniel Berrigan
Peace has to be created, in order to be maintained. It will never be achieved by passivity and quietism. - Dorothy Thompson
We want to take good tidings home to our people, that they may sleep in peace. - Black Kettle
One cannot subdue a man by holding back his hands. Lasting peace comes not from force. - David Borenstein
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him. - Buddha
Christmas is not a time nor a season, but a state of mind. To cherish peace and goodwill, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas. - Calvin Coolidge
If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace. - Thomas Paine
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind. - Buddha
Peace cannot be kept by force it can only be achieved by understanding. - Albert Einstein
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace. - Buddha
I am not only a pacifist but a militant pacifist. I am willing to fight for peace. Nothing will end war unless the people themselves refuse to go to war. - Albert Einstein
God cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing. - C. S. Lewis
The greatest destroyer of peace is abortion because if a mother can kill her own child, what is left for me to kill you and you to kill me? There is nothing between. - Mother Teresa
The hope of a secure and livable world lies with disciplined nonconformists who are dedicated to justice, peace and brotherhood. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Let us more and more insist on raising funds of love, of kindness, of understanding, of peace. Money will come if we seek first the Kingdom of God - the rest will be given. - Mother Teresa
We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves. - Dalai Lama
Peace is not merely a distant goal that we seek, but a means by which we arrive at that goal. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
We must concentrate not merely on the negative expulsion of war but the postive affirmation of peace. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
It is not enough to say we must not wage war. It is necessary to love peace and sacrifice for it. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace. - Dalai Lama
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. - Buddha
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace. - Buddha
Avoid popularity if you would have peace. - Abraham Lincoln
If someone thinks that love and peace is a cliche that must have been left behind in the Sixties, that's his problem. Love and peace are eternal. - John Lennon
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man. - Benjamin Franklin
A mind at peace, a mind centered and not focused on harming others, is stronger than any physical force in the universe. - Wayne Dyer
If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace. - John Lennon
Each one has to find his peace from within. And peace to be real must be unaffected by outside circumstances. - Mahatma Gandhi
If you die you're completely happy and your soul somewhere lives on. I'm not afraid of dying. Total peace after death, becoming someone else is the best hope I've got. - Kurt Cobain
Those who can win a war well can rarely make a good peace and those who could make a good peace would never have won the war. - Winston Churchill
If we are to teach real peace in this world, and if we are to carry on a real war against war, we shall have to begin with the children. - Mahatma Gandhi
The game is my wife. It demands loyalty and responsibility, and it gives me back fulfillment and peace. - Michael Jordan
The game of basketball has been everything to me. My place of refuge, place I've always gone where I needed comfort and peace. It's been the site of intense pain and the most intense feelings of joy and satisfaction. It's a relationship that has evolved over time, given me the greatest respect and love for the game. - Michael Jordan
I do not want the peace which passeth understanding, I want the understanding which bringeth peace. - Helen Keller
Peace, commerce and honest friendship with all nations entangling alliances with none. - Thomas Jefferson
Forgiveness is not always easy. At times, it feels more painful than the wound we suffered, to forgive the one that inflicted it. And yet, there is no peace without forgiveness. - Marianne Williamson
I'm not claiming divinity. I've never claimed purity of soul. I've never claimed to have the answers to life. I only put out songs and answer questions as honestly as I can... But I still believe in peace, love and understanding. - John Lennon
Peace and abstinence from European interferences are our objects, and so will continue while the present order of things in America remain uninterrupted. - Thomas Jefferson
If we desire to avoid insult, we must be able to repel it if we desire to secure peace, one of the most powerful instruments of our rising prosperity, it must be known, that we are at all times ready for War. - George Washington
All we are saying is give peace a chance. - John Lennon
Peace is a daily, a weekly, a monthly process, gradually changing opinions, slowly eroding old barriers, quietly building new structures. - John F. Kennedy
Our peace shall stand as firm as rocky mountains. - William Shakespeare
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming. - John Wooden
Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means. - Ronald Reagan
It is a curious sensation: the sort of pain that goes mercifully beyond our powers of feeling. When your heart is broken, your boats are burned: nothing matters any more. It is the end of happiness and the beginning of peace. - George Bernard Shaw
I call upon the scientific community in our country, those who gave us nuclear weapons, to turn their great talents now to the cause of mankind and world peace: to give us the means of rendering these nuclear weapons impotent and obsolete. - Ronald Reagan
Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans - born in this century, tempered by war, disciplined by a hard and bitter peace. - John F. Kennedy
The world knows that America will never start a war. This generation of Americans has had enough of war and hate... we want to build a world of peace where the weak are secure and the strong are just. - John F. Kennedy
Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death! - Patrick Henry
When you can whip any man in the world, you never know peace. - Muhammad Ali
There was never a good war, or a bad peace. - Benjamin Franklin
A man is relieved and gay when he has put his heart into his work and done his best but what he has said or done otherwise shall give him no peace. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved. - Erich Fromm
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength. - George Orwell
You either get tired fighting for peace, or you die. - John Lennon
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace. - Victor Hugo
When you make your peace with authority, you become authority. - Jim Morrison
Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all. - George Washington
Guilt for being rich, and guilt thinking that perhaps love and peace isn't enough and you have to go and get shot or something. - John Lennon
The soldier above all others prays for peace, for it is the soldier who must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war. - Douglas MacArthur
To be prepared for war is one of the most effective means of preserving peace. - George Washington
If civilization is to survive, we must cultivate the science of human relationships - the ability of all peoples, of all kinds, to live together, in the same world at peace. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
I prefer peace. But if trouble must come, let it come in my time, so that my children can live in peace. - Thomas Paine
One can not reflect in streaming water. Only those who know internal peace can give it to others. - Lao Tzu
There are many things that are essential to arriving at true peace of mind, and one of the most important is faith, which cannot be acquired without prayer. - John Wooden
Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet. - Bill Cosby
We call that person who has lost his father, an orphan and a widower that man who has lost his wife. But that man who has known the immense unhappiness of losing a friend, by what name do we call him? Here every language is silent and holds its peace in impotence. - Joseph Roux
Never be in a hurry do everything quietly and in a calm spirit. Do not lose your inner peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset. - Saint Francis de Sales
Whatever we are waiting for - peace of mind, contentment, grace, the inner awareness of simple abundance - it will surely come to us, but only when we are ready to receive it with an open and grateful heart. - Sarah Ban Breathnach
I am at peace with God. My conflict is with Man. - Charlie Chaplin
I am just absolutely convinced that the best formula for giving us peace and preserving the American way of life is freedom, limited government, and minding our own business overseas. - Ron Paul
Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. - Johnny Carson
Compassion is sometimes the fatal capacity for feeling what it is like to live inside somebody else's skin. It is the knowledge that there can never really be any peace and joy for me until there is peace and joy finally for you too. - Frederick Buechner
If there is to be any peace it will come through being, not having. - Henry Miller
Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace. - Nelson Mandela
Let love flow so that it cleanses the world. Then man can live in peace, instead of the state of turmoil he has created through his past ways of life, with all those material interests and earthly ambitions. - Sai Baba
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love. - Francis of Assisi
Wars are, of course, as a rule to be avoided but they are far better than certain kinds of peace. - Theodore Roosevelt
There will be no lasting peace either in the heart of individuals or in social customs until death is outlawed. - Albert Camus
If there is not the war, you don't get the great general if there is not a great occasion, you don't get a great statesman if Lincoln had lived in a time of peace, no one would have known his name. - Theodore Roosevelt
You can have peace. Or you can have freedom. Don't ever count on having both at once. - Robert A. Heinlein
While you are proclaiming peace with your lips, be careful to have it even more fully in your heart. - Francis of Assisi
Give a child love, laughter and peace, not AIDS. - Nelson Mandela
A musician must make music, an artist must paint, a poet must write, if he is to be ultimately at peace with himself. - Abraham Maslow
Intervention only works when the people concerned seem to be keen for peace. - Nelson Mandela
There are many people who feel that it is useless and futile to continue talking about peace and non-violence against a government whose only reply is savage attacks on an unarmed and defenceless people. - Nelson Mandela
He is happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Germany has reduced savagery to a science, and this great war for the victorious peace of justice must go on until the German cancer is cut clean out of the world body. - Theodore Roosevelt
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow. - Melody Beattie
Dear Lord we beg but one boon more: Peace in the hearts of all men living, peace in the whole world this Thanksgiving. - Joseph Auslander
Peace if possible, truth at all costs. - Martin Luther
In peace, sons bury their fathers. In war, fathers bury their sons. - Herodotus
We are not at peace with others because we are not at peace with ourselves, and we are not at peace with ourselves because we are not at peace with God. - Thomas Merton
Success in its highest and noblest form calls for peace of mind and enjoyment and happiness which come only to the man who has found the work that he likes best. - Napoleon Hill
Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable. - John Wooden
The meaning of peace is the absence of opposition to socialism. - Karl Marx
There was a time in my life when I thought I had everything - millions of dollars, mansions, cars, nice clothes, beautiful women, and every other materialistic thing you can imagine. Now I struggle for peace. - Richard Pryor
I took a speed-reading course and read War and Peace in twenty minutes. It involves Russia. - Woody Allen
The life of inner peace, being harmonious and without stress, is the easiest type of existence. - Norman Vincent Peale
The Bush Administration's failure to be consistently involved in helping Israel achieve peace with the Palestinians has been both wrong for our friendship with Israel, as well as badly damaging to our standing in the Arab world. - Barack Obama
You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom. - Malcolm X
The happiness and peace attained by those satisfied by the nectar of spiritual tranquillity is not attained by greedy persons restlessly moving here and there. - Chanakya
I simply can't build my hopes on a foundation of confusion, misery and death... I think... peace and tranquillity will return again. - Anne Frank
Peace demands the most heroic labor and the most difficult sacrifice. It demands greater heroism than war. It demands greater fidelity to the truth and a much more perfect purity of conscience. - Thomas Merton
Peace is not a relationship of nations. It is a condition of mind brought about by a serenity of soul. Peace is not merely the absence of war. It is also a state of mind. Lasting peace can come only to peaceful people. - Jawaharlal Nehru
My decision to end my marriage was such a risk to lose ratings and lose my fan base. I had to take that risk for my inner peace and to be happy with myself. - Kim Kardashian
We must all make peace so that we can all live in peace. - Jean-Bertrand Aristide
If I am elected President of these United States, I will work with all my energy and soul to restore that America, to lift our eyes to a better future. That future is our destiny. That future is out there. It is waiting for us. Our children deserve it, our nation depends upon it, the peace and freedom of the world require it. - Mitt Romney
Money cannot buy peace of mind. It cannot heal ruptured relationships, or build meaning into a life that has none. - Richard M. DeVos
Our souls may lose their peace and even disturb other people's, if we are always criticizing trivial actions - which often are not real defects at all, but we construe them wrongly through our ignorance of their motives. - Saint Teresa of Avila
Peace is more important than all justice and peace was not made for the sake of justice, but justice for the sake of peace. - Martin Luther
First keep peace with yourself, then you can also bring peace to others. - Thomas a Kempis
On all the peaks lies peace. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Piety is not a goal but a means to attain through the purest peace of mind the highest culture. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
When I am able to resist the temptation to judge others, I can see them as teachers of forgiveness in my life, reminding me that I can only have peace of mind when I forgive rather than judge. - Gerald Jampolsky
It is understanding that gives us an ability to have peace. When we understand the other fellow's viewpoint, and he understands ours, then we can sit down and work out our differences. - Harry S. Truman
Islam teaches tolerance, not hatred universal brotherhood, not enmity peace, and not violence. - Pervez Musharraf
I like to believe that people in the long run are going to do more to promote peace than our governments. Indeed, I think that people want peace so much that one of these days governments had better get out of the way and let them have it. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Dedicate yourself to the good you deserve and desire for yourself. Give yourself peace of mind. You deserve to be happy. You deserve delight. - Hannah Arendt
There is no such thing as inner peace. There is only nervousness or death. Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behavior. - Fran Lebowitz
The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war. - Norman Schwarzkopf
Some men know that a light touch of the tongue, running from a woman's toes to her ears, lingering in the softest way possible in various places in between, given often enough and sincerely enough, would add immeasurably to world peace. - Marianne Williamson
There can never be peace between nations until there is first known that true peace which is within the souls of men. - Black Elk
Be good, keep your feet dry, your eyes open, your heart at peace and your soul in the joy of Christ. - Thomas Merton
There are no contests in the Art of Peace. A true warrior is invincible because he or she contests with nothing. Defeat means to defeat the mind of contention that we harbor within. - Morihei Ueshiba
War should be the only study of a prince. He should consider peace only as a breathing-time, which gives him leisure to contrive, and furnishes as ability to execute, military plans. - Niccolo Machiavelli
Inner peace can be reached only when we practice forgiveness. Forgiveness is letting go of the past, and is therefore the means for correcting our misperceptions. - Gerald Jampolsky
Our most important task is to transform our consciousness so that violence is no longer an option for us in our personal lives, that understanding that a world of peace is possible only if we relate to each other as peaceful beings, one individual at a time. - Deepak Chopra
A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety. - Aesop
I never come back home with the same moral character I went out with something or other becomes unsettled where I had achieved internal peace some one or other of the things I had put to flight reappears on the scene. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
The basic problem with my love relationships with women is that my standards are so high - and they apply equally to both of us. I seek full-blast mutual intensity, fully fledged mutual acceptance, full-blown mutual flourishing, and fully felt peace and joy with each other. This requires a level of physical attraction, personal adoration, and moral admiration that is hard to find. - Cornel West
Peace is the virtue of civilization. War is its crime. - Victor Hugo
If virtue promises happiness, prosperity and peace, then progress in virtue is progress in each of these for to whatever point the perfection of anything brings us, progress is always an approach toward it. - Epictetus
There really can be no peace without justice. There can be no justice without truth. And there can be no truth, unless someone rises up to tell you the truth. - Louis Farrakhan
Until he extends his circle of compassion to include all living things, man will not himself find peace. - Albert Schweitzer
We look forward to the time when the Power of Love will replace the Love of Power. Then will our world know the blessings of peace. - William E. Gladstone
Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
I am poor and naked, but I am the chief of the nation. We do not want riches but we do want to train our children right. Riches would do us no good. We could not take them with us to the other world. We do not want riches. We want peace and love. - Red Cloud
We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
If you want peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies. - Desmond Tutu
America is a Nation with a mission - and that mission comes from our most basic beliefs. We have no desire to dominate, no ambitions of empire. Our aim is a democratic peace - a peace founded upon the dignity and rights of every man and woman. - George W. Bush
Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants. We know more about war that we know about peace, more about killing that we know about living. - Omar N. Bradley
Character... is a habit, the daily choice of right over wrong it is a moral quality which grows to maturity in peace and is not suddenly developed on the outbreak of war. - Charles Wilson
Egypt has been a partner of the United States over the last 30 years, has been instrumental in keeping the peace in the Middle East between Egypt and Israel, which is a critical accomplishment that has meant so much to so many people. - Hillary Clinton
The need for peace in Northern Ireland goes well beyond political stability. It now speaks to regional Europe and even global stability. - Hillary Clinton
We will stand up for our friends in the world. And one of the most important friends is the State of Israel. My administration will be steadfast in support Israel against terrorism and violence, and in seeking the peace for which all Israelis pray. - George W. Bush
If in our daily life we can smile, if we can be peaceful and happy, not only we, but everyone will profit from it. This is the most basic kind of peace work. - Nhat Hanh
Love has its place, as does hate. Peace has its place, as does war. Mercy has its place, as do cruelty and revenge. - Meir Kahane
An election is coming. Universal peace is declared, and the foxes have a sincere interest in prolonging the lives of the poultry. - George Eliot
You can't make war in the Middle East without Egypt and you can't make peace without Syria. - Henry A. Kissinger
You may either win your peace or buy it: win it, by resistance to evil buy it, by compromise with evil. - John Ruskin
War may sometimes be a necessary evil. But no matter how necessary, it is always an evil, never a good. We will not learn how to live together in peace by killing each other's children. - Jimmy Carter
Fill you mind with the meaningless stimuli of a world preoccupied with meaningless things, and it will not be easy to feel peace in your heart. - Marianne Williamson
Establishing lasting peace is the work of education all politics can do is keep us out of war. - Maria Montessori
In a World where people are surrounded by darkness, ignorance and fear, it is a sign of hope to be celebrating Islam's message of peace and light, and the last great Messenger, born and chosen to deliver them to all mankind. - Cat Stevens
An unjust peace is better than a just war. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
The purpose of all wars, is peace. - Saint Augustine
I get those fleeting, beautiful moments of inner peace and stillness - and then the other 23 hours and 45 minutes of the day, I'm a human trying to make it through in this world. - Ellen DeGeneres
When you've seen beyond yourself, then you may find, peace of mind is waiting there. - George Harrison
The only excuse for war is that we may live in peace unharmed. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
Nothing is wrong with peace and love. It is all the more regrettable that so many of Christ's followers seem to disagree. - Richard Dawkins
The people of the world genuinely want peace. Some day the leaders of the world are going to have to give in and give, it to them. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
We shall find peace. We shall hear angels, we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds. - Anton Chekhov
We seek peace, knowing that peace is the climate of freedom. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Success isn't measured by money or power or social rank. Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace. - Mike Ditka
You'll never find peace of mind until you listen to your heart. - George Michael
If we have not peace within ourselves, it is in vain to seek it from outward sources. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Chaotic people often have chaotic lives, and I think they create that. But if you try and have an inner peace and a positive attitude, I think you attract that. - Imelda Staunton
If you cannot find peace within yourself, you will never find it anywhere else. - Marvin Gaye
When life is victorious, there is birth when it is thwarted, there is death. A warrior is always engaged in a life-and-death struggle for Peace. - Morihei Ueshiba
If I were asked to name the chief benefit of the house, I should say: the house shelters day-dreaming, the house protects the dreamer, the house allows one to dream in peace. - Gaston Bachelard
The services in wartime are fit only for desperadoes, but in peace are only fit for fools. - Benjamin Disraeli
I just want you to know that, when we talk about war, we're really talking about peace. - George W. Bush
Political liberty, the peace of a nation, and science itself are gifts for which Fate demands a heavy tax in blood! - Honore de Balzac
As long as man continues to be the ruthless destroyer of lower living beings he will never know health or peace. For as long as men massacre animals, they will kill each other. - Pythagoras
Let's drink to the spirit of gallantry and courage that made a strange Heaven out of unbelievable Hell, and let's drink to the hope that one day this country of ours, which we love so much, will find dignity and greatness and peace again. - Noel Coward
Work and live to serve others, to leave the world a little better than you found it and garner for yourself as much peace of mind as you can. This is happiness. - David Sarnoff
Children are God's Apostles, sent forth, day by day, to preach of love, and hope, and peace. - James Russell Lowell
Law enforcement officers are never 'off duty.' They are dedicated public servants who are sworn to protect public safety at any time and place that the peace is threatened. They need all the help that they can get. - Barbara Boxer
If any foreign minister begins to defend to the death a 'peace conference,' you can be sure his government has already placed its orders for new battleships and airplanes. - Joseph Stalin
We will not waver we will not tire we will not falter, and we will not fail. Peace and Freedom will prevail. - George W. Bush
You find that you have peace of mind and can enjoy yourself, get more sleep, and rest when you know that it was a one hundred percent effort that you gave - win or lose. - Gordie Howe
There can be no vulnerability without risk there can be no community without vulnerability there can be no peace, and ultimately no life, without community. - M. Scott Peck
As far as having peace within myself, the one way I can do that is forgiving the people who have done wrong to me. It causes more stress to build up anger. Peace is more productive. - Rodney King
I am thankful the most important key in history was invented. It's not the key to your house, your car, your boat, your safety deposit box, your bike lock or your private community. It's the key to order, sanity, and peace of mind. The key is 'Delete.' - Elayne Boosler
No nation ever had an army large enough to guarantee it against attack in time of peace, or ensure it of victory in time of war. - Calvin Coolidge
Little islands of human happiness, peace, and prosperity are so exceptional at this point in history that I'm not even sure we can draw lessons from them. - P. J. O'Rourke
The purposes of the United States should not be doubted. The Security Council resolutions will be enforced - the just demands of peace and security will be met - or action will be unavoidable. And a regime that has lost its legitimacy will also lose its power. - Colin Powell
How can you consider flower power outdated? The essence of my lyrics is the desire for peace and harmony. That's all anyone has ever wanted. How could it become outdated? - Robert Plant
To be misunderstood can be the writer's punishment for having disturbed the reader's peace. The greater the disturbance, the greater the possibility of misunderstanding. - Anatole Broyard
Then I realized that secrecy is actually to the detriment of my own peace of mind and self, and that I could still sustain my belief in privacy and be authentic and transparent at the same time. It was a pretty revelatory moment, and there's been a liberating force that's come from it. - Alanis Morissette
The true and solid peace of nations consists not in equality of arms, but in mutual trust alone. - Pope John XXIII
There are no absolute rules of conduct, either in peace or war. Everything depends on circumstances. - Leon Trotsky
The great thing in the world is not so much to seek happiness as to earn peace and self-respect. - Thomas Huxley
Change is certain. Peace is followed by disturbances departure of evil men by their return. Such recurrences should not constitute occasions for sadness but realities for awareness, so that one may be happy in the interim. - Percy Bysshe Shelley
I have never advocated war except as a means of peace. - Ulysses S. Grant
Although a soldier by profession, I have never felt any sort of fondness for war, and I have never advocated it, except as a means of peace. - Ulysses S. Grant
To secure peace is to prepare for war. - Karl Von Clausewitz
Five enemies of peace inhabit with us - avarice, ambition, envy, anger, and pride if these were to be banished, we should infallibly enjoy perpetual peace. - Petrarch
Little else is requisite to carry a state to the highest degree of opulence from the lowest barbarism but peace, easy taxes, and a tolerable administration of justice: all the rest being brought about by the natural course of things. - Adam Smith
The way to preserve the peace of the church is to preserve its purity. - Matthew Henry
Every day I've got to be thankful that I am alive, and you never know - the cliche is, I guess, you could get hit by a bus tomorrow, so you'd better be at peace with whatever you got going at the moment. - Joseph Gordon-Levitt
Hope is like peace. It is not a gift from God. It is a gift only we can give one another. - Elie Wiesel
Peace has its victories no less than war, but it doesn't have as many monuments to unveil. - Kin Hubbard
Universal peace sounds ridiculous to the head of an average family. - Kin Hubbard
I would rather have peace in the world than be President. - Harry S. Truman
Therefore I feel that the aforementioned guiding principle must be modified to read: If you desire peace, cultivate justice, but at the same time cultivate the fields to produce more bread otherwise there will be no peace. - Norman Borlaug
An honorable Peace is and always was my first wish! I can take no delight in the effusion of human Blood but, if this War should continue, I wish to have the most active part in it. - John Paul Jones
My attitude to peace is rather based on the Burmese definition of peace - it really means removing all the negative factors that destroy peace in this world. So peace does not mean just putting an end to violence or to war, but to all other factors that threaten peace, such as discrimination, such as inequality, poverty. - Aung San Suu Kyi
When we take our eyes off the whirl of day-to-day activity and concentrate on honoring Him and following in His way, we find a consistent peace that carries us through both plenty and poverty. - Charles Stanley
Peace Train is a song I wrote, the message of which continues to breeze thunderously through the hearts of millions of human beings. - Cat Stevens
Here men from the planet Earth first set foot upon the Moon. July 1969 AD. We came in peace for all mankind. - Neil Armstrong
He who follows his lessons tastes a profound peace, and looks upon everybody as a bunch of manure. - Moliere
If you want peace work for justice. - Pope Paul VI
Peace of mind for five minutes, that's what I crave. - Alanis Morissette
A man will treat a woman almost exactly the way he treats his own interior feminine. In fact, he hasn't the ability to see a woman, objectively speaking, until he has made some kind of peace with his interior woman. - Robert Johnson
We receive His peace when we ask Him for it. We keep His peace by extending it to others. Those are the keys and there are no others. - Marianne Williamson
We travel together, passengers on a little spaceship, dependent on it's vulnerable reserves of air and soil, all committed, for our safety, to it's security and peace. Preserved from annihilation only by the care, the work and the love we give our fragile craft. - Adlai E. Stevenson
Could I have but a line a century hence crediting a contribution to the advance of peace, I would yield every honor which has been accorded by war. - Douglas MacArthur
Fair peace becomes men ferocious anger belongs to beasts. - Ovid
Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others. - Gerald Jampolsky
We've climbed the mighty mountain. I see the valley below, and it's a valley of peace. - George W. Bush
In the whole round of human affairs little is so fatal to peace as misunderstanding. - Margaret Elizabeth Sangster
We will not learn how to live together in peace by killing each other's children. - Jimmy Carter
There are more than 300,000 families in the Gulf region that lost their homes and are waiting for peace of mind. The hurricane exposed the sad reality of poverty in America. We saw, in all its horrific detail, the vulnerabilities of living in inadequate housing and the heartbreak of losing one's home. - Harry Connick, Jr.
Maybe it's like becoming one with the cigar. You lose yourself in it everything fades away: your worries, your problems, your thoughts. They fade into the smoke, and the cigar and you are at peace. - Raul Julia
Ultimately, we have just one moral duty: to reclaim large areas of peace in ourselves, more and more peace, and to reflect it towards others. And the more peace there is in us, the more peace there will be in our troubled world. - Etty Hillesum
I'm at peace with myself and where I am. In the past, I was always looking to see how everybody else was doing. I wasn't competitive, I was comparative. I just wanted to be where everybody else was. Now I've gotten to an age when I am not comparing anymore. - Courteney Cox
I can have peace of mind only when I forgive rather than judge. - Gerald Jampolsky
I feel beautiful when I'm at peace with myself. When I'm serene, when I'm a good person, when I've been considerate of others. - Elle Macpherson
We know that dictators are quick to choose aggression, while free nations strive to resolve differences in peace. - George W. Bush
Each religion, by the help of more or less myth, which it takes more or less seriously, proposes some method of fortifying the human soul and enabling it to make its peace with its destiny. - George Santayana
We have nothing in our history or position to invite aggression we have everything to beckon us to the cultivation of relations of peace and amity with all nations. - Franklin P. Adams
We gave up some of our country to the white men, thinking that then we could have peace. We were mistaken. The white man would not let us alone. - Chief Joseph
War is only a cowardly escape from the problems of peace. - Thomas Mann
Democracy is necessary to peace and to undermining the forces of terrorism. - Benazir Bhutto
Peace comes when you talk to the guy you most hate. And that's where the courage of a leader comes, because when you sit down with your enemy, you as a leader must already have very considerable confidence from your own constituency. - Desmond Tutu
Democracies are indeed slow to make war, but once embarked upon a martial venture are equally slow to make peace and reluctant to make a tolerable, rather than a vindictive, peace. - Reinhold Niebuhr
The science of the mind can only have for its proper goal the understanding of human nature by every human being, and through its use, brings peace to every human soul. - Alfred Adler
Through mutual understanding, sincerity and goodwill, and with great wisdom and broad views, the leaders on both sides should jointly initiate new opportunities for peace, stability, cooperation and mutual benefit. - Chen Shui-bian
The art of Peace I practice has room for each of the world's eight million gods, and I cooperate with them all. The God of Peace is very great and enjoins all that is divine and enlightened in every land. - Morihei Ueshiba
To keep it simple you run your gym like you run your house. Keep it clean and in good running order. No jerks allowed, members pay on time and if they give you any crap, throw them out. There's peace where there's order. - Joe Gold
A peace that depends on fear is nothing but a suppressed war. - Henry Van Dyke
If the white man wants to live in peace with the Indian he can live in peace. - Chief Joseph
I think that a strong Israel is the only Israel that will bring the Arabs to the peace table. - Benjamin Netanyahu
The only peace is being out of earshot. - Mason Cooley
In South Africa, we could not have achieved our freedom and just peace without the help of people around the world, who through the use of non-violent means, such as boycotts and divestment, encouraged their governments and other corporate actors to reverse decades-long support for the Apartheid regime. - Desmond Tutu
Bloody Christmas, here again, let us raise a loving cup, peace on earth, goodwill to men, and make them do the washing up. - Wendy Cope
Our object should be peace within, and peace without. We want to live peacefully and maintain cordial friendly relations with our immediate neighbours and with the world at large. - Muhammad Ali Jinnah
For all who love freedom and peace, the world without Saddam Hussein's regime is a better and safer place. - George W. Bush
Peace, above all things, is to be desired, but blood must sometimes be spilled to obtain it on equable and lasting terms. - Andrew Jackson
It is good to realize that if love and peace can prevail on earth, and if we can teach our children to honor nature's gifts, the joys and beauties of the outdoors will be here forever. - Jimmy Carter
A State in the grip of neo-colonialism is not master of its own destiny. It is this factor which makes neo-colonialism such a serious threat to world peace. - Kwame Nkrumah
To plunder, to slaughter, to steal, these things they misname empire and where they make a wilderness, they call it peace. - Tacitus
They may call me a sinner, but I am at peace with myself. - Brigitte Bardot
Let a new earth rise. Let another world be born. Let a bloody peace be written in the sky. Let a second generation full of courage issue forth let a people loving freedom come to growth. - Margaret Walker
God is day and night, winter and summer, war and peace, surfeit and hunger. - Heraclitus
That peace which is within us, we must experience it. And if we are searching for peace outside we will never find the peace within. - Prem Rawat
War is to man what maternity is to a woman. From a philosophical and doctrinal viewpoint, I do not believe in perpetual peace. - Benito Mussolini
If there is to be peace in our industrial life let the employer recognize his obligation to his employees - at least to the degree set forth in existing statutes. - John L. Lewis
And I've come to the place where I believe that there's no way to solve these problems, these issues - there's nothing that we can do that will solve the problems that we have and keep the peace, unless we solve it through God, unless we solve it in being our highest self. And that's a pretty tall order. - Glenn Beck
The minute you got the Nobel Peace Prize, things that I said yesterday, with nobody paying too much attention, I say the same things after I got it - oh! It was quite crucial for people, and it helped our morale because apartheid did look invincible. - Desmond Tutu
In many ways, when you're a Nobel peace laureate, you have an obligation to humankind, to society. - Desmond Tutu
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace. - Amelia Earhart
Remember, each one of us has the power to change the world. Just start thinking peace, and the message will spread quicker than you think. - Yoko Ono
Neutrality is a negative word. It does not express what America ought to feel. We are not trying to keep out of trouble we are trying to preserve the foundations on which peace may be rebuilt. - Woodrow Wilson
If I have been of service, if I have glimpsed more of the nature and essence of ultimate good, if I am inspired to reach wider horizons of thought and action, if I am at peace with myself, it has been a successful day. - Alex Noble
In a few decades, the relationship between the environment, resources and conflict may seem almost as obvious as the connection we see today between human rights, democracy and peace. - Wangari Maathai
Little things seem nothing, but they give peace, like those meadow flowers which individually seem odorless but all together perfume the air. - Georges Bernanos
My dream is to live a good life and be loving, be close to God and be a good human being and bring peace to people. - Ziggy Marley
I might have some character traits that some might see as innocence or naive. That's because I discovered peace and happiness in my soul. And with this knowledge, I also see the beauty of human life. - Tobey Maguire
Never for the sake of peace and quiet deny your convictions. - Dag Hammarskjold
It wasn't so long ago that I was a working mom myself. And I know that sometimes, much as we all hate to admit it, it's just easier to park the kids in front of the TV for a few hours, so we can pay the bills or do the laundry or just have some peace and quiet for a change. - Michelle Obama
I come from a family of very devout, praying people. That idea of peace and love toward humanity shouldn't be nationalistic or denominational. It should be a chief concern for all mankind. - Mos Def
I don't think I've ever felt that same kind of peace, the kind of serenity that I felt after acknowledging that maybe I was going to die of this TB. - Desmond Tutu
If you want to make peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies. - Moshe Dayan
Even during the worst hardships, when the other things in our lives seem to fall apart, we can still find peace in the eternal love of God. - Armstrong Williams
I had daydreams and fantasies when I was growing up. I always wanted to live in a log cabin at the foot of a mountain. I would ride my horse to town and pick up provisions. Then return to the cabin, with a big open fire, a record player and peace. - Linda McCartney
There is a criterion by which you can judge whether the thoughts you are thinking and the things you are doing are right for you. The criterion is: Have they brought you inner peace? - Peace Pilgrim
As this long and difficult war ends, I would like to address a few special words to the American people: Your steadfastness in supporting our insistence on peace with honor has made peace with honor possible. - Richard M. Nixon
Loud peace propaganda makes war seem imminent. - David Herbert Lawrence
Balance, peace, and joy are the fruit of a successful life. It starts with recognizing your talents and finding ways to serve others by using them. - Thomas Kinkade
For peace is not mere absence of war, but is a virtue that springs from, a state of mind, a disposition for benevolence, confidence, justice. - Baruch Spinoza
None of the abstract concepts comes closer to fulfilled utopia than that of eternal peace. - Theodor Adorno
But, my dear sirs, when peace does come, you may call on me for any thing. Then will I share with you the last cracker, and watch with you to shield your homes and families against danger from every quarter. - William Tecumseh Sherman
Mankind must remember that peace is not God's gift to his creatures peace is our gift to each other. - Elie Wiesel
Jesus Christ is a prince of peace. He told us to live in peace. He told us to love our enemies. He told us to do good to them that spitefully use us. - Pat Robertson
The most disadvantageous peace is better than the most just war. - Desiderius Erasmus
Being a movie star, and this applies to all of them, means being looked at from every possible direction. You are never left at peace, you're just fair game. - Greta Garbo
We cannot be both the world's leading champion of peace and the world's leading supplier of the weapons of war. - Jimmy Carter
The hippies wanted peace and love. We wanted Ferraris, blondes and switchblades. - Alice Cooper
When we were at peace, Democrats wanted to raise taxes. Now there's a war, so Democrats want to raise taxes. When there was a surplus, Democrats wanted to raise taxes. Now that there is a mild recession, Democrats want to raise taxes. - Ann Coulter
Peace as a goal is an ideal which will not be contested by any government or nation, not even the most belligerent. - Aung San Suu Kyi
If man does find the solution for world peace it will be the most revolutionary reversal of his record we have ever known. - George C. Marshall
The very first lesson that I learnt from the Qur'an was the message of unity and peace. - Cat Stevens
That they may have a little peace, even the best dogs are compelled to snarl occasionally. - William Feather
Let me just say: Peace to you, if you're willing to fight for it. - Fred Hampton
My faith helps me understand that circumstances don't dictate my happiness, my inner peace. - Denzel Washington
Peace for us means the destruction of Israel. We are preparing for an all-out war, a war which will last for generations. - Yasser Arafat
When we have done our best, we should wait the result in peace. - John Lubbock
I said peace is sometimes narrowly interpreted it's the absence of conflict between nations or something. But peace is more inherent, more basic to human life, human beings, what we feel about each other, what we feel about life around us and what we see in our future. - Muhammad Yunus
War makes thieves and peace hangs them. - George Herbert
There is always a certain peace in being what one is, in being that completely. - Ugo Betti
Where there are too many policemen, there is no liberty. Where there are too many soldiers, there is no peace. Where there are too many lawyers, there is no justice. - Lin Yutang
Nothing is more conducive to peace of mind than not having any opinion at all. - Georg C. Lichtenberg
On balance, my life has been a constant stream of blessings rather than disappointments and failures and tragedies. I wish I had been re-elected. I think I could have kept our country at peace. I think I could have consolidated what we achieved at Camp David with a treaty between Israel and the Palestinians. - Jimmy Carter
Because I know about the Holy Land, I've taught lessons about the Holy Land all my life, and - but you can't bring peace to Israel without giving the Palestinian also peace. And Lebanon and Jordan and Syria as well. - Jimmy Carter
You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom. - Malcom X
To insure peace of mind ignore the rules and regulations. - George Ade
To injure an opponent is to injure yourself. To control aggression without inflicting injury is the Art of Peace. - Morihei Ueshiba
The world must be made safe for democracy. Its peace must be planted upon the tested foundations of political liberty. - Woodrow Wilson
I know I had no hand in making this war, and I know I will make more sacrifices today than any of you to secure peace. - William Tecumseh Sherman
In my opinion, if we have not achieved peace, it is because people forget its most fundamental aspect. Before we talk about peace among nations, we must settle our peace with God. - Sun Myung Moon
Peace is our gift to each other. - Elie Wiesel
I'll keep peace at all cost, even if I choke to death on my tongue. - Paula Deen
In a war everybody always knows all about Switzerland, in peace times it is just Switzerland but in war time it is the only country that everybody has confidence in, everybody. - Gertrude Stein
Martin Luther King Jr. is remembered as our prince of peace, of civil rights. We owe him something major that will keep his memory alive. - Morgan Freeman
My constant prayer, my number one foreign goal, is to bring peace to Israel. And in the process to Israel's neighbours. - Jimmy Carter
When I was elected President nobody asked me to negotiate between Israel and Egypt. It was not even a question raised in my campaign. But I felt that one of the reasons that I was elected President was to try to bring peace to the Holy Land. - Jimmy Carter
When I was in the White House, I was confronted with the challenge of the Cold War. Both the Soviet Union and I had 30,000 nuclear weapons that could destroy the entire earth and I had to maintain the peace. - Jimmy Carter
I've used the prestige and influence of having been a president of the United States as effectively as possible. And secondly, I've still been able to carry out my commitments to peace and human rights and environmental quality and freedom and democracy and so forth. - Jimmy Carter
Communism is a hateful thing, and a menace to peace and organized government. - Grover Cleveland
The only solid and lasting peace between a man and his wife is, doubtless, a separation. - Lord Chesterfield
Those who have experienced the most, have suffered so much that they have ceased to hate. Hate is more for those with a slightly guilty conscience, and who by chewing on old hate in times of peace wish to demonstrate how great they were during the war. - Thor Heyerdahl
He belonged to that army known as invincible in peace, invisible in war. - William Tecumseh Sherman
I think that peace will require two states, a Palestinian state that recognizes the Jewish state. - Benjamin Netanyahu
'Peace Train' is a song I wrote, the message of which continues to breeze thunderously through the hearts of millions. There is a powerful need for people to feel that gust of hope rise up again. - Cat Stevens
While conscience is our friend, all is at peace however once it is offended, farewell to a tranquil mind. - Mary Wortley Montagu
I do know that some Buddhists are able to attain peace of mind. - Martin Scorsese
I'm at peace. - Christina Aguilera
Fascism, the more it considers and observes the future and the development of humanity, quite apart from political considerations of the moment, believes neither in the possibility nor the utility of perpetual peace. - Benito Mussolini
Peace is the umpire for doing the will of God. - Edwin Louis Cole
A babe in the house is a well-spring of pleasure, a messenger of peace and love, a resting place for innocence on earth, a link between angels and men. - Martin Farquhar Tupper
Peace is the one condition of survival in this nuclear age. - Adlai E. Stevenson
The journey of a thousand leagues begins with a single step. So we must never neglect any work of peace within our reach, however small. - Adlai E. Stevenson
Let us have peace. - Ulysses S. Grant
I could start a war in 30 seconds. But some countries spend 100 years trying to find peace. Just like good manners, peace has to be learned. - Sylvester Stallone
Revenge only engenders violence, not clarity and true peace. I think liberation must come from within. - Sandra Cisneros
Mr. President, prime ministers, let us have ambitions: ambitions to move beyond the violence and occupation, to the day when two states, Palestine and Israel, can live together side by side in peace and security. - King Abdullah II
Peace does not include a vendetta there will be neither winners nor losers. - Ahmed Ben Bella
The reason why I'm here today is to explain why I am running and what I will do if you give me the honor and the privilege of representing you in the United States Senate. Now I'm running for the United State Senate for a simple reason, and that is...I want to win a Nobel Peace prize. - Marco Rubio
Peace is not the product of a victory or a command. It has no finishing line, no final deadline, no fixed definition of achievement. Peace is a never-ending process, the work of many decisions. - Oscar Hammerstein II
Radiohead and Our Lady Peace are doing the seven layers of guitar, and I kind of jumped on that before anyone else did. - Billy Corgan
Happiness and peace will come to earth only as the light of love and human compassion enter the souls of men. - David O. McKay
I wish to assure you that there can never be any return to the state of armed conflict which existed before our commitment to peace and the democratic process of election under the Lancaster House agreement. - Robert Mugabe
Don't tell me peace has broken out. - Bertolt Brecht
Without peace, all other dreams vanish and are reduced to ashes. - Jawaharlal Nehru
A conqueror is always a lover of peace. - Karl Von Clausewitz
I take it that what all men are really after is some form or perhaps only some formula of peace. - Joseph Conrad
After four years at the United Nations I sometimes yearn for the peace and tranquility of a political convention. - Adlai E. Stevenson
Making peace is harder than making war. - Adlai E. Stevenson
As long as there is rape... there is not going to be any peace or justice or equality or freedom. You are not going to become what you want to become or who you want to become. You are not going to live in the world you want to live in. - Andrea Dworkin
I wanted to connect all people who are thinking about peace on Earth. - Willie Nelson
Dialogue and education for peace can help free our hearts from the impulse toward intolerance and the rejection of others. - Daisaku Ikeda
We all lose somebody we care about and want to find some comforting way of dealing with it, something that will give us a little closure, a little peace. - Mitch Albom
What I'm not confused about is the world needing much more love, no hate, no prejudice, no bigotry and more unity, peace and understanding. Period. - Stevie Wonder
Instead of a man of peace and love, I have become a man of violence and revenge. - Hiawatha
At the end, the realization is that she had to get to a place in her life where she could drop her guard and make peace with the fact that whether she had a small amount of time, that she had to kind of live it completely through, instead of living by the rules. - Charlize Theron
Never, for the sake of peace and quiet, deny your own experience or convictions. - Dag Hammarskjold
As an artist I come to sing, but as a citizen, I will always speak for peace, and no one can silence me in this. - Paul Robeson
I think Muslims have become the new Negroes in America. They are being mistreated at airports, by the Immigration - everywhere. Islam is a religion of peace. They are wrong. - Jermaine Jackson
The next few months are critical to Pakistan's future direction as a democratic state committed to promoting peace, fighting terrorism and working for social justice. - Benazir Bhutto
I think peace should be done not only among governments but among people. It was impossible before the Facebook. - Shimon Peres
Bob Marley stood for universal peace and love. He tried to break racial barriers. - Wyclef Jean
What they could do with 'round here is a good war. What else can you expect with peace running wild all over the place? You know what the trouble with peace is? No organization. - Bertolt Brecht
My argument is that War makes rattling good history but Peace is poor reading. - Thomas Hardy
If anything interferes with my inner peace, I will walk away. Arguments with family members. All that stuff. None of it matters. - Shirley MacLaine
The real discovery is the one which enables me to stop doing philosophy when I want to. The one that gives philosophy peace, so that it is no longer tormented by questions which bring itself into question. - Ludwig Wittgenstein
When you're young you think that you're going to sail into a lovely lake of quietude and peace. This is profoundly untrue. - Doris Lessing
Peace, of course, is different from divorce indeed, in essential respects, divorce is the opposite of peace. - Douglas Feith
It was a time when only the dead smiled, happy in their peace. - Anna Akhmatova
I'm married. My wife, Stella - a beautiful woman. She's brought a lot of peace to my life, a lot of wisdom. - Anthony Hopkins
The lessons from the peace process are clear whatever life throws at us, our individual responses will be all the stronger for working together and sharing the load. - Queen Elizabeth II
Work, look for peace and calm in work: you will find it nowhere else. - Dmitri Mendeleev
Diplomacy in general does not resolve conflicts. Wars end not due to peace processes, but due to one side giving up. - Daniel Pipes
No one can find inner peace except by working, not in a self- centered way, but for the whole human family. - Peace Pilgrim
I too hope in this short reign to be a man of peace. - Pope Benedict XVI
If you are kept in ignorance of the true way and permit yourself to rely upon and be guided by the opinion of imperfect man, you can never gain the riches that will bring you peace and lasting happiness. - Joseph Franklin Rutherford
Today, hundreds of millions dwell in freedom, from the Baltic to the Adriatic, from the Western Approaches to the Aegean. And while we must never take this for granted, the first purpose of the European Union - to secure peace - has been achieved and we should pay tribute to all those in the EU, alongside Nato, who made that happen. - David Cameron
If Saddam rejects peace and we have to use force, our purpose is clear. We want to seriously diminish the threat posed by Iraq's weapons of mass destruction program. - William J. Clinton
If you want a future of shared prosperity, where the middle class is growing and poverty is declining, where the American Dream is alive and well, and where the United States remains the leading force for peace and prosperity in a highly competitive world, you should vote for Barack Obama. - William J. Clinton
The world will never have lasting peace so long as men reserve for war the finest human qualities. Peace, no less than war, requires idealism and self-sacrifice and a righteous and dynamic faith. - John Foster Dulles
I come into the peace of wild things who do not tax their lives with forethought of grief... For a time I rest in the grace of the world, and am free. - Wendell Berry
They are patriotic in time of war because it is to their interest to be so, but in time of peace they follow power and the dollar wherever they may lead. - Henry A. Wallace
I beg Osama to stop warring. He is a Muslim, and Islam means peace. Nobody wins in a war... I wish I were tapped in the problem about Iraq. I knew Saddam enough that I could have talked him into surrendering. But it's too late. - Imelda Marcos
It is not possible to create peace in the Middle East by jeopardizing the peace of the world. - Aneurin Bevan
But I try to steal other moments. Sometimes I get up very early in the morning and enjoy a quiet house and cup of tea before the craziness begins. Other times, I'll take a quick walk on the beach. You can find peace in a few minutes. - Cindy Crawford
I challenge anybody to say that I wouldn't know how to approach foreign policy because, unlike some of the other people, I at least have a foreign policy philosophy, which is an extension of the Reagan philosophy. Peace through strength, and my philosophy is peace through strength and clarity. - Herman Cain
Peace is purchased from strength. It's not purchased from weakness or unilateral retreats. - Benjamin Netanyahu
Peace is produced by war. - Pierre Corneille
I woke up full of hate and fear the day before the most recent peace march in San Francisco. This was disappointing: I'd hoped to wake up feeling somewhere between Virginia Woolf and Wavy Gravy. - Anne Lamott
There is no greater feeling than hanging out with my dogs, or just walking around the land with our horses. My rescue ranch is is where I feel the most at peace and where I'm reminded of the simple things in life and let the chaos of my crazy work life fade away. - Kelly Clarkson
The chief duty of government is to keep the peace and stand out of the sunshine of the people. - James A. Garfield
If there are finer beings than German short hairs, I don't know what they are. In their eyes is peace. - Ben Stein
Politics is about the improvement of people's lives. It's about advancing the cause of peace and justice in our country and the world. Politics is about doing well for the people. - Paul Wellstone
We do not want riches, we want peace and love. - Red Cloud
Weird people follow you in the streets, you can't sit alone in a restaurant or a cafe and read a book in peace, and I think everybody values those moments of being alone. - Winona Ryder
I always thought of myself as a moderate liberal, a fighter for peace and justice. I never thought of myself as being all that far out. - George McGovern
When you know people are really at peace with who they are and what they do, they collaborate and want to help you to improve. - Javier Bardem
But in terms of how people live together, how we minimize the prospects of conflict and maximize the prospects of peace, the place of religion in our society today is essential. - Tony Blair
That idea of peace and love toward humanity shouldn't be nationalistic or denominational. It should be a chief concern for all mankind. - Mos Def
Olympics for me is love, peace, united. - Jackie Chan
When Communist U.S.S.R. was a superpower, the world was better off. The right-wing media is trying to marginalize the peace movement. - Janeane Garofalo
Of all our dreams today there is none more important - or so hard to realise - than that of peace in the world. May we never lose our faith in it or our resolve to do everything that can be done to convert it one day into reality. - Lester B. Pearson
We have a vision of South Africa in which black and white shall live and work together as equals in conditions of peace and prosperity. - Oliver Tambo
The man who has gotten everything he wants is all in favor of peace and order. - Jawaharlal Nehru
Every human longs for peace and love. - Hiawatha
Only the person who has experienced light and darkness, war and peace, rise and fall, only that person has truly experienced life. - Stefan Zweig
Well, I think everybody is frustrated by the finances of the U.N. and the inability to solve problems of war and peace. - George H. W. Bush
We have war when at least one of the parties to a conflict wants something more than it wants peace. - Jeane Kirkpatrick
A bad peace is even worse than war. - Tacitus
The White House isn't the place to learn how to deal with international crisis, the balance of power, war and peace, and the economic future of the next generation. - Joe Biden
Policemen so cherish their status as keepers of the peace and protectors of the public that they have occasionally been known to beat to death those citizens or groups who question that status. - David Mamet
Put a bridle on thy tongue set a guard before thy lips, lest the words of thine own mouth destroy thy peace... on much speaking cometh repentance, but in silence is safety. - William Drummond
In fact, because of this deep desire for peace, the ruling class leaders of this land, from 1945 on, stepped up the hysteria and propaganda to drive into American minds the false notion that danger threatened them from the East. - Paul Robeson
Many African leaders refuse to send their troops on peace keeping missions abroad because they probably need their armies to intimidate their own populations. - Kofi Annan
We would fight not for the political future of a distant city, rather for principles whose destruction would ruin the possibility of peace and security for the peoples of the earth. - Neville Chamberlain
We love peace, but not peace at any price. - Douglas William Jerrold
Making peace, I have found, is much harder than making war. - Gerry Adams
The United States and Israel have a unique relationship based on our mutual commitment to democracy, freedom, and peace. Therefore, just as our commitment to these principles must be steadfast, so must our support for Israel. - John Boehner
Nothing can contribute more to peace of soul than the lack of any opinion whatever. - Georg C. Lichtenberg
The Palestinians want a state, but they have to give peace in return. What they're trying to do in the United Nations is to get a state without giving Israel peace or giving Israel peace and security. And I think that's, that's wrong. That should not succeed. That should, that should fail. - Benjamin Netanyahu
Peace is not made at the council table or by treaties, but in the hearts of men. - Herbert Hoover
It's really necessary for the United States to continue to give strong leadership to the Middle East peace process, supported by European countries at the same time. - William Hague
I won't undertake war until I have tried all the arts and means of peace. - Francois Rabelais
Four years of Jimmy Carter gave us two titanic Reagan landslides, peace and prosperity for eight blessed years - and even a third term for his feckless vice president, George H.W. Bush. - Ann Coulter
I came to the conclusion that in order to end racial barriers, I needed to run for the office of the president and put forth an agenda of social justice and world peace. In addition, I concluded that someone needed to run and challenge the liberal orthodoxy. - Jesse Jackson
There can be no peace in the world so long as a large proportion of the population lack the necessities of life and believe that a change of the political and economic system will make them available. World peace must be based on world plenty. - John Boyd Orr
Peace is much more precious than a piece of land... let there be no more wars. - Anwar Sadat
I intend to leave after my death a large fund for the promotion of the peace idea, but I am skeptical as to its results. - Alfred Nobel
Peace is not the absence of war, but a virtue based on strength of character. - Baruch Spinoza
Since there will be no one left to talk peace after the next war, it makes good sense to break with tradition and hold the peace conference first. - William Glasser
The threat today is not that of the 1930s. It's not big powers going to war with each other. The ravages which fundamentalist political ideology inflicted on the 20th century are memories. The Cold war is over. Europe is at peace, if not always diplomatically. - Tony Blair
I want, of course, peace, grace, and beauty. How do you do that? You work for it. - Studs Terkel
Whoever tramples on the plea for justice temperately made in the name of peace only outrages peace and kills something fine in the heart of man which God put there when we got our manhood. - William Allen White
But I do know focusing on the exterior doesn't make me happy. If I want peace and serenity, it won't be reached by getting thinner or fatter. - Elle Macpherson
We can realise a lasting peace and transform the East-West relationship to one of enduring co-operation. - George H. W. Bush
If there's no inner peace, people can't give it to you. The husband can't give it to you. Your children can't give it to you. You have to give it to you. - Linda Evans
Without free, self-respecting, and autonomous citizens there can be no free and independent nations. Without internal peace, that is, peace among citizens and between the citizens and the state, there can be no guarantee of external peace. - Vaclav Havel
Let us not deceive ourselves we must elect world peace or world destruction. - Bernard Baruch
My idea of perfect happiness is a healthy family, peace between nations, and all the critics die. - David Mamet
The Founders recognized that Government is quite literally a necessary evil, that there must be opposition, between its various branches, and between political parties, for these are the only ways to temper the individual's greed for power and the electorates' desires for peace by submission to coercion or blandishment. - David Mamet
Were there peace and justice in the Middle East, the Arabs would no more need their tinhorn dictators than they would their corpulent princes. - James Buchan
It is thus tolerance that is the source of peace, and intolerance that is the source of disorder and squabbling. - Pierre Bayle
What we need is Star Peace and not Star Wars. - Mikhail Gorbachev
I most sincerely wish that the world in which we live be free from the threat of a nuclear holocaust and from the ruinous arms race. It is my cherished desire that peace be not separated from freedom which is the right of every nation. This I desire and for this I pray. - Lech Walesa
For hundreds of millions of Americans who believe in God, prayer is our bridge between Earth and Heaven, our way of opening our hearts to the Lord. Through this intimate relationship we find peace and guidance. - Nick Rahall
Many will view the compromises that will be made during your negotiations as painful concessions. But why not view them as peace offerings, ones that will provide in return the priceless gifts of hope, security and freedom for our children and our children's? - King Abdullah II
Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace. - Mike Ditka
Are some women and children going to die? Yeah. But it's doing the right thing. You got money, you sit around talking about peace. People who don't have money need some help. - Kid Rock
But he is unworthy the name of a minister of the gospel of peace, who is unwilling, not only to have his name cast out as evil, but also to die for the truths of the Lord Jesus. - George Whitefield
The Israeli government has proved over the past year its commitment to peace, both in words and deeds. By contrast, the Palestinians are posing preconditions for renewing the diplomatic process in a way they have not done over the course of 16 years. - Benjamin Netanyahu
You know, I said in the U.N., I said to President Abbas, 'Look, we're in the same city, we're in the same building, for God's sake, the U.N. Let's just sit down and begin to talk peace.' - Benjamin Netanyahu
Why are we talking about talking? Why negotiating about negotiating? It's very simple. If you want to get to peace, put all your preconditions on the side, sit down opposite a table, not in a studio, by the way. - Benjamin Netanyahu
You know, I think, I think the Palestinians are trying to get away without negotiating. They're trying to get a state to continue the conflict with Israel rather than to end it. They're trying to basically detour around peace negotiations by going to the U.N. and have the automatic majority in the U.N. General Assembly give them, give them a state. - Benjamin Netanyahu
I say that to my colleagues, by the way, in the internal Cabinet meetings, I say, 'Look, I want to be very clear about what I want.' I just - I don't want a peace process, I want a peace result. - Benjamin Netanyahu
You can only end a negotiation for peace if you begin it. - Benjamin Netanyahu
Most of the approaches to peace between Israel and the Palestinians, have been directed at trying to resolve the most complex problems, like refugees and Jerusalem, which is akin to building the pyramid from the top down. - Benjamin Netanyahu
Peace goes into the making of a poem as flour goes into the making of bread. - Pablo Neruda
I believe that peace with the Palestinians is most urgent - urgent than ever before. It is necessary. It is crucial. It is possible. A delay may worsen its chances. Israel and the Palestinians are, in my judgment, ripe today to restart the peace process. - Shimon Peres
In Switzerland they had brotherly love, five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock! - Graham Greene
You don't kill your way to peace. - Imran Khan
Any one who wants to live in peace and freedom will be to live by toil, demonstration of high levels of discipline and tolerance for one another. - Yahya Jammeh
It is better we disintegrate in peace and not in pieces. - Nnamdi Azikiwe
But only art and music have the power to bring peace. - Yoko Ono
That a man be willing, when others are so too, as far forth as for peace and defense of himself he shall think it necessary, to lay down this right to all things and be contented with so much liberty against other men, as he would allow other men against himself. - Thomas Hobbes
Unfortunately the world is what it is now. People don't get along for whatever reason. As professional athletes, in a way we're almost ambassadors for peace, because sports brings everyone together. - Venus Williams
I started getting these attacks in 2009, just as my music career was taking off. I'd be doing photo-shoots and started to feel like I was having heart attacks. Increasingly I found it difficult to step outside my flat. Things started to get better after I saw a therapist, who told me I needed to make peace with my panic attacks. - Ellie Goulding
I was much distressed by next door people who had twin babies and played the violin but one of the twins died, and the other has eaten the fiddle, so all is peace. - Edward Lear
It's not so much about killing an animal, it's being at peace and you don't have to worry about all the other things that go on. That's a couple of hours a week that you get to escape but it's nice to do that. - Brett Favre
I value peace when it is not bought at the price of fundamental decencies. - Elia Kazan
I was always at peace because of the way my mom treated me. - Martina Hingis
I've always had questions about what it meant to be a protester, to be in the minority. Are the people who are trying to find peace, who are trying to have the Constitution apply to everybody, are they really the radicals? We're not protesting from the outside. We're inside. - Gil Scott-Heron
To sit with a dog on a hillside on a glorious afternoon is to be back in Eden, where doing nothing was not boring - it was peace. - Milan Kundera
Bob Marley performed the 'One Love Peace' concert in Jamaica with the two different warring political sides. There's always been that in black music and culture in general. It's no surprise because black music is such a reflection of what's going on in black life. It's not unusual for hip-hop. - Mos Def
We will not have peace by afterthought. - Norman Cousins
The people of Israel are entitled, as is any other nation, to live in peace and safety. - Jonathan Sacks
The aggressive, unprovoked acts of violence against Israel by Hezbollah and Hamas are revealing. It is clear they don't want peace, but rather seek the ultimate destruction of Israel. - John Boehner
Religion brings to man an inner strength, spiritual light, and ineffable peace. - Alexis Carrel
Everyone has that friend who's every day, like, 'I hate my nose, I hate my nose, I hate my nose.' You either need to come to peace with it and be like, alright, I hate it, but it's part of me - or change it. So I'm not against plastic surgery, I'm against plastic surgery when it doesn't really need to be done. - Lauren Conrad
This is the way of peace: Overcome evil with good, falsehood with truth, and hatred with love. - Peace Pilgrim
The way of peace is the way of love. Love is the greatest power on earth. It conquers all things. - Peace Pilgrim
I am grateful for the opportunities I have been given to participate in that work as a representative of my country, Canada, whose people have, I think, shown their devotion to peace. - Lester B. Pearson
The grim fact is that we prepare for war like precocious giants, and for peace like retarded pygmies. - Lester B. Pearson
The Dalai Lama. He is a very wise man of great inner peace who believes that happiness is the purpose of our lives. Through his teachings and leadership, he continues to make this world a better place in which to live. - Sidney Sheldon
My heritage has been my grounding, and it has brought me peace. - Maureen O'Hara
It's easy to sit in relative luxury and peace and pontificate on the subject of the Third World debts. - Roger Moore
I'm not one to sit and wallow - I would rather figure out a way around so I can move past it and be at peace with things. I don't like bad feelings gnawing away at me. - Sarah McLachlan
It's quite a famous story that takes place on Christmas Eve, and the Germans, French, and Scottish are trying to make peace one night and they bury their dead and they play football. I play a German opera singer, in German, which I never have so I am really excited about that. - Diane Kruger
He will easily be content and at peace, whose conscience is pure. - Thomas a Kempis
Oh, how great peace and quietness would he possess who should cut off all vain anxiety and place all his confidence in God. - Thomas a Kempis
Civil strife is as much a greater evil than a concerted war effort as war itself is worse than peace. - Herodotus
All of us deserve a greater peace of mind, knowing that our children are better protected wherever they are. - Bob Ney
Mankind will never win lasting peace so long as men use their full resources only in tasks of war. While we are yet at peace, let us mobilize the potentialities, particularly the moral and spiritual potentialities, which we usually reserve for war. - John Foster Dulles
Take away the violence and who will hear the men of peace? - Lorraine Hansberry
War is not the only arena where peace is done to death. - Aung San Suu Kyi
The Nobel Peace Prize opened up a door in my heart. - Aung San Suu Kyi
My opinion is the greatest reward that any government could get is the approval of the people. If the people are happy and the people are at peace and the government has done something for them, that's the greatest reward I think any government could hope for. - Aung San Suu Kyi
Today, we have two Vietnams, side by side, North and South, exchanging and working. We may not agree with all that North Vietnam is doing, but they are living in peace. I would look for a better human rights record for North Vietnam, but they are living side by side. - Sheila Jackson Lee
Men and women who know the brutal reality of war, who know that war strips people of their very humanity, must unite in a new global partnership for peace. - Daisaku Ikeda
What if I couldn't handle people's opinions of me? I know that shouldn't dictate a person's degree of peace or happiness in life, but the problem is, I chose a business saturated in judgment. - Chris Evans
It has been, after all, 11 years, more than a decade now, of defiance of U.N. resolutions by Saddam Hussein. Every obligation that he signed onto after the Gulf War, so that he would not be a threat to peace and security, he has ignored and flaunted. - Condoleezza Rice
To awake from death is to die in peace. - Douglas Horton
I want peace. I want to see if somewhere there isn't something left in life of charm and grace. - Margaret Mitchell
I know that if the peace movement takes its message boldly to the Negro people a powerful force can be secured in pursuit of the greatest goal of all mankind. And the same is true of labor and the great democratic sections of our population. - Paul Robeson
To solve the problem of organizing world peace we must establish world law and order. - Arthur Henderson
Let him who desires peace prepare for war. - Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus
Most fear stems from sin to limit one's sins, one must assuredly limit one's fear, thereby bringing more peace to one's spirit. - Marvin Gaye
Prime Minister Sharon, Prime Minister Abbas, I urge you today to end the designs of those who seek destruction, annihilation and occupation, and I urge you to have the will and the courage to begin to realize our dreams of peace, prosperity and coexistence. - King Abdullah II
We have peace with Israel. We're actually the last man standing. So there is going to be immense pressure and people asking, 'Why are we having this relationship when it's not benefiting anybody?' Obviously, my answer is you always benefit from peace. - King Abdullah II
Peace with Israel is a strategic imperative for Jordan. - King Abdullah II
I don't think there's anything more important than making peace before it's too late. And it almost always falls to the child to try to move toward the parent. - Jane Fonda
Civilization is a failure. We need to think what we can do together in love and peace. - Serj Tankian
The government I led gave ordinary people peace, security, dignity, and opportunity to progress. - Benazir Bhutto
You have to do something in your life that is honorable and not cowardly if you are to live in peace with yourself, and for the firefighter it is fire. - Larry Brown
That was my first lesson from Ben-Gurion. Then I saw him making peace, and I saw him making war. He mobilized me before the war. The man was a very rare combination between a real intellectual and a born leader. There is a contradiction between the two. - Shimon Peres
Peace with the Palestinians will open ports of peace all around the Mediterranean. The duty of leaders is to pursue freedom ceaselessly, even in the face of hostility, in the face of doubt and disappointment. Just imagine what could be. - Shimon Peres
The Iranian regime suppresses its own people as well as others in the region. It prevents peace by sponsoring terror globally. With the ultimate weapon that it is deceptively developing, the regime aims to gain hegemony over the entire Middle East and hold the world's economy hostage. - Shimon Peres
Israel welcomes the wind of change, and sees a window of opportunity. Democratic and science-based economies by nature desire peace. Israel does not want to be an island of affluence in an ocean of poverty. Improvements in our neighbours' lives mean improvements to the neighbourhood in which we live. - Shimon Peres
When I am speaking about American presidents, I have to speak about my very special relations with President Clinton. He contributed more to peace than anybody else in the American sense. - Shimon Peres
If you remember you just have one constituent, and that's God himself, and if you try to please him I think you usually come with a lot steadier pace and a lot more peace in your life. - Jim DeMint
I feel that my father's greatest legacy was the people he inspired to get involved in public service and their communities, to join the Peace Corps, to go into space. And really that generation transformed this country in civil rights, social justice, the economy and everything. - Caroline Kennedy
Now for my own case, I bless the Lord that, for all that hath been said of me, my conscience doth not condemn me. I do not say I am free of sin, but I am at peace with God through a slain Mediator and I believe that there is no salvation but only in Christ. - Donald Cargill
In my mind the city of Ariel is a thorn in Israel's side and a serious obstacle to peace. - Theodore Bikel
Care less for your harvest than for how it is shared and your life will have meaning and your heart will have peace. - Kent Nerburn
Before, for me, peace could have been synonymous with boredom. - Isabelle Adjani
The greatest problem all around the world today, whether in America, Japan, China Russia, India or anywhere else in the world, is that people are not in peace. People want peace. - Prem Rawat
Smiling is very important. If we are not able to smile, then the world will not have peace. It is not by going out for a demonstration against nuclear missiles that we can bring about peace. It is with our capacity of smiling, breathing, and being peace that we can make peace. - Nhat Hanh
I'm at a point in my life where I have something solid now. I'm a peaceful person, and I want to be surrounded by peace no matter what I'm doing. - Cheryl James
The future of Indo-Pak cricket will depend on how the peace process goes. - Imran Khan
I attach the greatest importance to an amplification of the peace efforts in the Middle East. I would also like to see a greater dialogue between the U.S. and the EU. - Francois Hollande
The United Nations will be at the heart of our international activities. France will assume its full responsibilities at the Security Council by putting its status at the service of peace, respect for human rights and development. - Francois Hollande
Israel can't make peace without the clear support of the United States. - Alan Dershowitz
I am deeply concerned that, without peace and a two-state solution, the Jewish and democratic nature of Israel is in danger. That's why I have opposed Israel's settlement policy since 1973, and that's why I have favored a two-state solution since 1967. - Alan Dershowitz
I am a peace supporting Jew. - Alan Dershowitz
Not just Christians and Jews, but also Muslims, Buddhists, Hindus and the followers of many other religions believe in values like peace, respect, tolerance and dignity. These are values that bring people together and enable us to build responsible and solid communities. - Alcee Hastings
We know more about war than we know about peace, more about killing than we know about living. - Omar N. Bradley
The more bombers, the less room for doves of peace. - Nikita Khrushchev
In a multi-racial society, trust, understanding and tolerance are the cornerstones of peace and order. - Kamisese Mara
Perhaps we don't need these religious concoctions to pillow the fear of death. Just the fact that there is an unknown, and something greater, can bring a feeling of peace. That's enough for me. - Brad Pitt
Deregulation created this epidemic of greed which according to the rules of capitalism was OK. Beyond that there was criminal behaviour. There have been no repercussions and it's hard to make your peace with. - Brad Pitt
Even though now I'm pretty popular in my country and tennis is the No. 1 sport, and I'm very flattered that the people recognise me and come up and give me compliments, I'm more a person who likes to have privacy and peace. - Novak Djokovic
Imagine the peace symbol. The peace symbol has three pieces in it. One piece is emotion, that's your body. Another piece has spirit in it, that's your fuel. Another piece has intellect in it and that's your steering wheel. You can never overdo the fuel that goes into the body, which is the emotions and the steering wheel to drive it. - Gary Busey
It's well known I'm a Scientologist, and that has helped me to find that inner peace in my life and it's something that has given me great stability and tools that I use. - Tom Cruise
When I look back on my childhood, I think of that short time in Beirut. I know that seeing the city collapse around me forced me to grasp something many people miss: the fragility of peace. - Greg Kinnear
Here is my prescription to heal all wounds. Watch the film 'Funny Girl' at least five times, eat at least 45 chocolate bars, and hang out with all those friends you blew off to hang out with your ex. I truly believe that, through a combination of Nutella, old pals and Barbra Streisand, we can achieve happiness and, very probably, world peace. - Beth Ditto
I have traveled a long road from the battlefield to the peace table. - Moshe Dayan
Music has the power to make me feel good like nothing else does. It gives me some peace for a while. Takes me back to who I really am. - Gil Scott-Heron
I believe it is peace in our time. - Neville Chamberlain
I hope for peace and sanity - it's the same thing. - Studs Terkel
Peace is a natural effect of trade. - Charles de Montesquieu
When you find peace within yourself, you become the kind of person who can live at peace with others. - Peace Pilgrim
After all, I long to be in America again, nay, if I can go home to return no more to Europe, it seems to me that I shall ever enjoy more peace of mind, and even Physical comfort than I can meet with in any portion of the world beside. - John James Audubon
But while we all pray for peace, we do not always, as free citizens, support the policies that make for peace or reject those which do not. We want our own kind of peace, brought about in our own way. - Lester B. Pearson
Most people go, I wish for world peace. But chaos has a place in balancing out the light and the dark in the world. I don't know if I would wish for world peace. - Brendan Fraser
The wise man... if he would live at peace with others, he will bear and forbear. - Samuel Smiles
Other people do not have to change for us to experience peace of mind. - Gerald Jampolsky
I've always been proud that my name stands for peace. - Paloma Picasso
A decision once taken brings peace to a man's mind and eases his soul. - Mika Waltari
I really am a woman at peace. - Laura Schlessinger
May we be saved from evil thoughts and deed of enemies of world peace who find pleasure in creating havoc and perpetrating all forms of carnage. - Yahya Jammeh
The Peace Corps is a sort of Howard Johnson's on the main drag into maturity. - Paul Theroux
When I was in the Peace Corps I never made a phone call. I was in Central Africa I didn't make a phone call for two years. I was in Uganda for another four years and I didn't make a phone call. So for six years I didn't make a phone call, but I wrote letters, I wrote short stories, I wrote books. - Paul Theroux
If you do your research on hot springs all over the world, they're usually places of peace. People, even in warring nations and so forth, they'll go and live in peace together around the hot springs, which were always considered medicinal. I firmly believe in water therapy. - Larry Hagman
Where I once constantly lost my temper, I found myself arriving at a crisis and experiencing peace. - Josh McDowell
The World Trade Center is a living symbol of man's dedication to world peace... a representation of man's belief in humanity, his need for individual dignity, his beliefs in the cooperation of men, and, through cooperation, his ability to find greatness. - Minoru Yamasaki
If the history of the past fifty years teaches us anything, it is that peace does not follow disarmament - disarmament follows peace. - Bernard Baruch
Any idealist who tries to join the Peace Corps must realize he is not going to change the world overnight. - Sargent Shriver
The Peace Corps is guilty of enthusiasm and a crusading spirit. But we're not apologetic about it. - Sargent Shriver
The Dalai Lama's entire being is about peace and harmony, forgiveness and self-discipline. Those are qualities to be admired. I am really looking forward to meeting His Holiness. - Joe Nichols
The Nobel Peace Prize has become hopelessly politicized. I think it cheapens the prize itself. - John Bolton
Peace is not the absence of conflict but the presence of creative alternatives for responding to conflict - alternatives to passive or aggressive responses, alternatives to violence. - Dorothy Thompson
Success is not assured, but America is resolute: this is the best chance for peace we are likely to see for some years to come - and we are acting to help Israelis and Palestinians seize this chance. - Condoleezza Rice
I just can't seem to write songs about peace and love. Yeah right, how do you get that? - Siobhan Fahey
Our science has become terrible, our research dangerous, our findings deadly. We physicists have to make peace with reality. Reality is not as strong as we are. We will ruin reality. - Friedrich Durrenmatt
All my life I've taken photographs of people who are completely at peace being what they were in the situations I photographed them in. - Jock Sturges
Arafat was a barrier to peace. - Charles Schumer
You can set up whatever negotiations or structure you want, but until the Palestinians are willing to accept the fact, as the majority of Israelis do, that there should be two states between the Jordan and the Mediterranean, we won't have peace. - Charles Schumer
I do not support peace in the Middle East. And I do not support Arafat. He is a stupid, incompetent fool! - Muammar al-Gaddafi
Another essential to a universal and durable peace is social justice. - Arthur Henderson
As a first step there must be an offer to achieve equality of rights in disarmament by abolishing the weapons forbidden to the Central Powers by the Peace Treaties. - Arthur Henderson
He would see civilization in danger of perishing under the oppression of a gigantic paradox: he would see multitudes of people starving in the midst of plenty, and nations preparing for war although pledged to peace. - Arthur Henderson
It is because I believe that it is in the power of such nations to lead the world back into the paths of peace that I propose to devote myself to explaining what, in my opinion, can and should be done to banish the fear of war that hangs so heavily over the world. - Arthur Henderson
The Disarmament Conference has become the focal point of a great struggle between anarchy and world order... between those who think in terms of inevitable armed conflict and those who seek to build a universal and durable peace. - Arthur Henderson
The question is, what are we to do in order to consolidate peace on a universal and durable foundation, and what are the essential elements of such a peace? - Arthur Henderson
The years of the economic depression have been years of political reaction, and that is why the economic crisis has generated a world peace crisis. - Arthur Henderson
Those nations have a very great responsibility at this juncture of the world's affairs, for by throwing their joint weight into the scales of history on the right side, they may tip the balance decisively in favour of peace. - Arthur Henderson
Thus, the struggle for peace includes the struggle for freedom and justice for the masses of all countries. - Arthur Henderson
If one seeks to analyze experiences and reactions to the first postwar years, I hope one may say without being accused of bias that it is easier for the victor than for the vanquished to advocate peace. - Gustav Stresemann
Peace does exist. It exists in your heart and soul. - Sharon Stone
Peace, if it ever exists, will not be based on the fear of war but on the love of peace. - Julien Benda
There is peace more destructive of the manhood of living man than war is destructive of his material body. - Douglas William Jerrold
Sinn Fein has productively taken the example of South Africa and, as we develop the peace process, we continue to use examples from South Africa. - Gerry Adams
God willing, we shall come to a stage where the world looks at the Palestinian question, and Palestinian rights on Palestinian national soil, as well as the questions of the occupied Syrian and Lebanese territories. These are the bases on which peace will be built. - King Hussein I
Military hardliners called me a 'security threat' for promoting peace in South Asia and for supporting a broad-based government in Afghanistan. - Benazir Bhutto
We have a long way to go before we are able to hear the voices of everyone on earth, but I believe that providing voices and building bridges is essential for the World Peace we all wish for. - Joichi Ito
I find peace anywhere I go. It depends on what is within the walls of my own home. - Brooke Burke
I build a kind of wall between myself and t he model so that I can paint in peace behind it. Otherwise, she might say something that confuses and distracts me. - Edvard Munch
My message is all about peace. - Puff Daddy
I pray daily... for peace. - Paul O'Neill
The practice of peace and reconciliation is one of the most vital and artistic of human actions. - Nhat Hanh
Once I accepted Christ I immediately had peace. I still didn't have a place to live, I still didn't have a car, but I had peace. - Sherri Shepherd
Let peace, descending from her native heaven, bid her olives spring amidst the joyful nations and plenty, in league with commerce, scatter blessings from her copious hand! - Daniel Boone
We have peace with God as soon as we believe, but not always with ourselves. The pardon may be past the prince's hand and seal, and yet not put into the prisoner's hand. - William Gurnall
I never will have peace of mind. I'm not constructed that way. Some things in life can be horrible. - Julie Christie
The United States is not a nation to which peace is a necessity. - Grover Cleveland
I was a sports fan, but I also went to peace marches. - Tim Robbins
But if our nation goes over a financial Niagara, we won't have much strength and, eventually, we won't have peace. We are currently borrowing the entire defense budget from foreign investors. Within a few years, we will be spending more on interest payments than on national security. That is not, as our military friends say, a 'robust strategy.' - Mitch Daniels
If our nation goes over a financial Niagara, we won't have much strength and, eventually, we won't have peace. We are currently borrowing the entire defense budget from foreign investors. Within a few years, we will be spending more on interest payments than on national security. That is not, as our military friends say, a 'robust strategy.' - Mitch Daniels
The Vietnamese people deeply love independence, freedom and peace. But in the face of United States aggression they have risen up, united as one man. - Ho Chi Minh
I accepted the interviews and encounters that had to be held with the media, but I would have preferred to work in peace. - Naguib Mahfouz
Whatever efforts for peace President Gorbachev had in mind, they were pretty substantially undercut very swiftly by Saddam Hussein. - John Major
Reconciliation should be accompanied by justice, otherwise it will not last. While we all hope for peace it shouldn't be peace at any cost but peace based on principle, on justice. - Corazon Aquino
Each one of these treaties is a step for the maintenance of peace, an additional guarantee against war. It is through such machinery that the disputes between nations will be settled and war prevented. - Frank B. Kellogg
Certain it is that a great responsibility rests upon the statesmen of all nations, not only to fulfill the promises for reduction in armaments, but to maintain the confidence of the people of the world in the hope of an enduring peace. - Frank B. Kellogg
Lord, Bless our enemies have mercy upon them, may they turn their course and let us alone, and let us live in peace at our homes in our own native land. - William Pennington
There is nothing more agreeable in life than to make peace with the Establishment - and nothing more corrupting. - A. J. P. Taylor
The only peace that can be made with a dictator is once that must be based on deterrence. For today, the dictator may be your friend, but tomorrow he will need you as an enemy. - Natan Sharansky
When we are unwilling to draw clear moral lines between free societies and fear societies, when we are unwilling to call the former good and the latter evil, we will not be able to advance the cause of peace because peace cannot be disconnected from freedom. - Natan Sharansky
My politics are of a practical kind - the integrity of the country, the supremacy of the Federal government, an honorable peace, or none at all. - Winfield Scott Hancock
The progress of freedom depends more upon the maintenance of peace, the spread of commerce, and the diffusion of education, than upon the labors of cabinets and foreign offices. - Richard Cobden
We can bomb the world to pieces, but we can't bomb it into peace. - Michael Franti
Only to the extent that men desire peace and brotherhood can the world be made better. No peace even though temporarily obtained, will be permanent, whether to individuals or nations, unless it is built upon the solid foundation of eternal principles. - David O. McKay
Peace is a never ending process... It cannot ignore our differences or overlook our common interests. It requires us to work and live together. - Oscar Arias Sanchez
I have had a very difficult time with stage fright it undermines your well-being and peace of mind, and it can also threaten your livelihood. - Renee Fleming
I just always have to cry out a breakup, and then I can make peace with it pretty quickly. - Brittany Murphy
Self-Realization Fellowship seemed like training. It was the training ground for finding a sense of peace in myself. Because that's my job. It's no one else's. - Mariel Hemingway
That is why if Lebanon concludes a peace agreement with Israel and brings that accord to the Parliament our deputies will reject it Hezbollah refuses any conciliation with Israel in principle. - Hassan Nasrallah
We extend our hand towards peace. Our people are committed to peace. We know that peace entails painful compromise for both sides. - Ariel Sharon
Like all Israelis, I yearn for peace. I see the utmost importance in taking all possible steps that will lead to a solution of the conflict with the Palestinians. - Ariel Sharon
For me, peace should provide security to the Jewish people. - Ariel Sharon
Peace should provide security. It should be durable. I'm ready to go far in making painful concessions. But there is one thing I will never make any concessions on and that's the security of the Israeli citizens and the very existence of the state of Israel. The Palestinians are losing time. - Ariel Sharon
I am 73 years old. I've seen everything. I've met the kings, the queens, the presidents, I've been around the world. I have one thing that I would like to do: to try to reach peace. - Ariel Sharon
To the citizens of Israel, I say: we have passed difficult years, faced the most painful experiences and overcame them. The future lies before us. We are required to take difficult and controversial steps, but we must not miss the opportunity to try to achieve what we have wished for, for so many years: security, tranquillity and peace. - Ariel Sharon
If there will be a serious Palestinian prime minister who makes a 100 percent effort to end terrorism, then we can have peace. Each side has to take steps. If terror continues, there will not be an independent Palestinian state. Israel will not accept it, if terror continues. - Ariel Sharon
I don't think I have accomplished what I still have to accomplish. There is one thing that I would like to do, and that's to bring security and peace to the Jewish people. - Ariel Sharon
I know that. I'm having a ball. I'm not slap happy. I'm just filled up with joy and with peace and with all kinds of things that have eluded me for quite a few years. And they're back and they're thriving. - Liza Minnelli
We remain at peace with all nations, and no efforts on my part consistent with the preservation of our rights and the honor of the country shall be spared to maintain a position so consonant to our institutions. - Martin Van Buren
I cannot imagine any writer who would not fight for his peace and quiet. - Wislawa Szymborska
Vegetarianism is a link to perfection and peace. - River Phoenix
I am President of the UN created University for Peace, which has a strong commitment to the relationship between peace, security and the environment. I meet with young people around the world and I always come away enthused and encouraged. - Maurice Strong
One little person, giving all of her time to peace, makes news. Many people, giving some of their time, can make history. - Peace Pilgrim
And I have lived since - as you have - in a period of cold war, during which we have ensured by our achievements in the science and technology of destruction that a third act in this tragedy of war will result in the peace of extinction. - Lester B. Pearson
As for the promotion of peace congresses we have had our meetings and assemblies, but the promotion through them of the determined and effective will to peace displaying itself in action and policy remains to be achieved. - Lester B. Pearson
I cannot think of anything more difficult than to say something which would be worthy of this impressive and, for me, memorable occasion, and of the ideals and purposes which inspired the Nobel Peace Award. - Lester B. Pearson
It would be especially tragic if the people who most cherish ideals of peace, who are most anxious for political cooperation on a wider than national scale, made the mistake of underestimating the pace of economic change in our modern world. - Lester B. Pearson
The choice, however, is as clear now for nations as it was once for the individual: peace or extinction. - Lester B. Pearson
True there has been more talk of peace since 1945 than, I should think, at any other time in history. At least we hear more and read more about it because man's words, for good or ill, can now so easily reach the millions. - Lester B. Pearson
I would like to end world hunger and create world peace, stop corruption, stop drugs getting to kids. - Kelly Preston
Peace without justice is tyranny. - William Allen White
When resources are degraded, we start competing for them, whether it is at the local level in Kenya, where we had tribal clashes over land and water, or at the global level, where we are fighting over water, oil, and minerals. So one way to promote peace is to promote sustainable management and equitable distribution of resources. - Wangari Maathai
I think that this is the first war in history that on the morrow the victors sued for peace and the vanquished called for unconditional surrender. - Abba Eban
I fought for peace in the fifties. - Pete Seeger
We have to be active about kindness and about peace. I've always fantasized that it would be great if there was a Department of Peace. - Dave Matthews
Capitalism is war socialism is peace. - Karl Liebknecht
Peace in the head, peace in the stomach. - Jean-Bertrand Aristide
Everyone is interested in war, in that people don't want it to happen. I'm much more interested in peace than in war but it's important to understand why we fight. - Michael Morpurgo
I think that it's always appropriate for Americans and for American foreign policy to make clear why we feel that self-government is most compatible with peace, the well-being of people, and human dignity. - Jeane Kirkpatrick
It's a miracle to be an actor and to know that you have a job to go to a year from now is a rare thing, so I think peace of mind and financial stability come with that. Hopefully I'm a little wiser and have a little more perspective in my life than I did then. - Debra Messing
Wars begin in the minds of men, and in those minds, love and compassion would have built the defenses of peace. - U Thant
We can only move to a long-term resolution regarding terrorism and war by planting seeds of peace. We have to start with ourselves. - Peter Yarrow
Modern society, based as it is on the division of labor, can be preserved only under conditions of lasting peace. - Ludwig von Mises
Whoever wants peace among nations must seek to limit the state and its influence most strictly. - Ludwig von Mises
I don't have to run the Peace Corps. I could live without seeing my picture in the newspapers and without being interviewed. - Sargent Shriver
In the Peace Corps, the volunteer must be a fully developed, mature person. He must not join to run abroad or escape problems. - Sargent Shriver
The Peace Corps would give thousands of young Americans a chance to see at first hand the conditions in remote areas of the world. - Sargent Shriver
I want to warn anyone who sees the Peace Corps as an alternative to the draft that life may well be easier at Fort Dix or at apost in Germany than it will be with us. - Sargent Shriver
War puts its questions stupidly, peace mysteriously. - Andre Malraux
The Arabs could have peace tomorrow if sufficient numbers of Palestinians were not content to be used as cannon fodder in fruitless assaults on Israel, even as the surrounding Arab powers distract the Arab masses with the red herring of Israel while retarding their countries with their repression and corruption. - Conrad Black
I love acting. It's my playground, it let's me explore. But my happiness in this world - my level of peace - is never going to be dictated by acting. - Chris Evans
But my happiness in this world - my level of peace - is never going to be dictated by acting. - Chris Evans
As the war on terror continues, Americans must honor the brave men and women who gave their lives for the protection of this nation and the hope of peace. - Dan Lipinski
I really love peace and quiet. - Barry Sanders
It is to be observed that every case of war averted is a gain in general, for it helps to form a habit of peace, and community habits long continued become standards of conduct. - Elihu Root
The use and threat of force, when world peace is not in danger, are no longer valid frames of reference for achieving the ends sought today by sovereign nations. - Carlos Salinas
I said it was my feeling that the American people would struggle for peace, and that has since been underscored by the President of these United States. - Paul Robeson
Like any other people, like fathers, mothers, sons and daughters in every land, when the issue of peace or war has been put squarely to the American people, they have registered for peace. - Paul Robeson
Yes, peace can and must be won, to save the world from the terrible destruction of World War III. - Paul Robeson
This film 'Hero' talks about the peace of Chinese people. - Jet Li
In every man the memory of the struggles and the heroes of the past is alive. But these memories are not incompatible with the desire for peace in the future. - Gustav Stresemann
Now people all across America are starting to believe in America again. We are coming back, back to the heights of greatness, back to America's proud role as a temple of justice and a champion of peace. - Theodore C. Sorensen
You don't make peace with friends. You make it with very unsavory enemies. - Yitzhak Rabin
A diplomatic peace is not yet the real peace. It is an essential step in the peace process leading towards a real peace. - Yitzhak Rabin
I believe that it is my responsibility as the prime minister of Israel to do whatever can be done to exploit the unique opportunities that lie ahead of us to move towards peace. Not everything can be done by one act. - Yitzhak Rabin
Peace on earth would mean the end of civilization as we know it. - Joseph Heller
But if republicans are to prevail, if the peace process is to be successfully concluded and Irish sovereignty and re-unification secured, then we have to set the agenda - no-one else is going to do that. - Gerry Adams
Sinn Fein has demonstrated the ability to play a leadership role as part of a popular movement towards peace, equality and justice. - Gerry Adams
The purpose of all war is peace. - Augustine of Hippo
There are laws for peace as well as war. - Titus Livius
Peace in Palestine is inevitable. The question is how do we make it happen today. - Darrell Issa
You have to find the peace and patience within yourself to be a model and an example to others and not judge. - Judith Light
Challenging the integrity of the non-proliferation regime is a matter which can affect international peace and security. - Mohamed ElBaradei
We believe democracy to be the only real guarantor of stability and we have sought to create a 'Jordanian model' that might also inspire others in our region. I wish democracy and peace to be my legacy to my people and the shield of generations to come. - King Hussein I
Under the auspices of peace, our comprehensive renaissance will be built, and it will be a model for those who wish to emulate it in the greater Arab homeland. - King Hussein I
We belong to the camp of peace. We believe in peace. We believe that our one God wishes us to live in peace and wishes peace upon us, for these are His teachings to all the followers of the three great monotheistic religions, the Children of Abraham. - King Hussein I
For our part, we shall continue to work for the new dawn when all the Children of Abraham and their descendants are living together in the birthplace of their three great monotheistic religions, a life free from fear, a life free from want - a life in peace. - King Hussein I
I want to say a simple thing, that the dividing line exists not between Jordan and Israel, but between the proponents of peace and the opponents of peace. - King Hussein I
Without peace and without the overwhelming majority of people that believe in peace defending it, working for it, believing in it, security can never really be a reality. - King Hussein I
The link between peace and stability on the one hand, and social and economic growth on the other, is dialectic. Peace, poverty, and backwardness cannot mix in one region. - King Hussein I
We believe that peace is not just signed papers, but rather a contract between generations for the building of a more promising and less threatening future. - King Hussein I
It would behoove the world to become used to this fact: that without a just solution to the Palestine tragedy, there can be no stable peace in the Middle East. - King Hussein I
Afghanistan is very satisfied with Croatia's participation in the NATO-led peace mission and expects Croatia to expand its contribution to peace restoration in Afghanistan to other areas as well. - Hamid Karzai
I created the Women's Federation for World Peace in order to restore all that woman originally lost. You American women don't need a man in the position of grandfather, parents, husband, elder or younger brother. You only need the true Adam. - Sun Myung Moon
I say at this point, for different reasons, Bush and Hussein are both very threatening to world peace and to deny that is to be incredibly naive. - Janeane Garofalo
In remembering the appalling suffering of war on both sides, we recognise how precious is the peace we have built in Europe since 1945. - Queen Elizabeth II
Let us show our fellow countrymen and the entire world what the Germans can do when they work for peace. - Walter Ulbricht
There is something at work that's bigger than us. It's about having a trust in life and being at peace that things are happening the way they should. You do what you do as well as you can do it, and then you don't worry or agonize about the outcome. - Sherilyn Fenn
I guess John Lennon had it right: give peace a chance. - Chris O'Donnell
The Divine of the Lord in heaven is love, for the reason that love is receptive of all things of heaven, such as peace, intelligence, wisdom and happiness. - Emanuel Swedenborg
The United Nations remains our most important global actor. These days we are continuously reminded of the enormous responsibility of the Security Council to uphold international peace and stability. - Anna Lindh
Peace is the happy natural state of man war is corruption and disgrace. - James Thomson
The peace movement is a great force for peace. Some of the world's most quarrelsome people act out their aggressions through the peace movement. - John McCarthy
My different personalities leave me in peace now. - Anna Freud
Actually, I feel music becoming more and more important. It's a big source of inspiration. With what's going on in the world, we feel almost desperate. Music also brings you peace. - Cecilia Bartoli
I've also gotten to play in front of a million people in Central Park when there was a grass roots movement calling for nuclear disarmament - it was about 1982 - they called it Peace Sunday. - Jackson Browne
Let's win the peace and democracy the good people of Iraq so richly deserve after decades of tyranny. - Mike Pence
It's good that the first half of the speech emphasized freedom, because George W. Bush has been the global champion for freedom. As he said, if we don't fight tyranny it will not leave us alone in peace. - Ernest Istook
In particular, the efforts to reestablish peace after the World War have been directed toward the formation of states and the regulation of their frontiers according to a consciously national program. - Christian Lous Lange
The law of nations is naturally founded on this principle, that different nations ought in time of peace to do one another all the good they can, and in time of war as little injury as possible, without prejudicing their real interests. - Charles de Secondat
Peace, unity and harmony! - Cathy Freeman
Peace congresses often start by dealing with some of the less important questions in excessive detail, so at the end there is no time to discuss the most important problems. - Fredrik Bajer
I love Christmas. Frosty the Snowman, peace on Earth and mangers, Salvation Army bell ringers and reindeer, the movie 'Meet Me in St. Louis,' office parties and cookies. - Mo Rocca
I'm at peace with my family, my friends, myself and God so there's really nothing else that I worry about. - Lance Bass
We simply can no longer afford to deny the full potential of one half of the population. The world needs to tap into the talent and wisdom of women. Whether the issue is food security, economic recovery, health, or peace and security, the participation of women is needed now more than ever. - Michelle Bachelet
Obsessed by a fairy tale, we spend our lives searching for a magic door and a lost kingdom of peace. - Eugene O'Neill
Isaac and I are going to Israel to ride for peace enviromental justice and a safer world for us all. - Mandy Patinkin
I'm on the board of directors for Peace Now, which works tirelessly between the Palestinians and the Israelis to create peace in the Middle East and we've never been closer. - Mandy Patinkin
My point was that removing Saddam should not have been our highest priority. Fighting terrorism should have been our number one concern, followed by the Palestinian peace process. - Brent Scowcroft
The old fun thing is when somebody typed up the first chapter of War and Peace. And then made a precis of the rest of it and sent it out and only one publisher recognized it. - Jim Harrison
To increase the zone of peace is to build the inner core of a stable international zone. - Zbigniew Brzezinski
I know of no greater work for humanity than in the cause of peace, which can only be achieved by the earnest efforts of nations and peoples. - Frank B. Kellogg
A man of strength and wisdom, John Paul became an inspiration to generations of both Catholics and non-Catholics throughout the world by encouraging freedom, promoting peace and respecting all faiths. - Greg Walden
I was very active in the peace movement, still am. - Margot Kidder
Some people put up a peace sign with one hand. Some people put up the middle finger instead. I use two hands and put up both. - Brian Celio
Malcolm X made me very strong at a time I needed to understand what I was angry about. He had peace in his heart. He exerted a big influence on me. - Lena Horne
The popular, and one may say naive, idea is that peace can be secured by disarmament and that disarmament must therefore precede the attainment of absolute security and lasting peace. - Ludwig Quidde
The Nobel Prize is an honor unique in the world in having found its way into the hearts and minds of simple people everywhere. It casts a light of peace and reason upon us all and for that I am especially grateful. - George Wald
When a peace agreement is concluded between the Lebanese government and Israel, we would surely disagree with the Lebanese government about that, but we would not make any turmoil out of it. - Hassan Nasrallah
The old interests of aristocracy - the romance of action, the exalted passions of chivalry and war - faded into the background, and their place was taken by the refined and intimate pursuits of peace and civilization. - Lytton Strachey
Americans will listen, but they do not care to read. War and Peace must wait for the leisure of retirement, which never really comes: meanwhile it helps to furnish the living room. - Anthony Burgess
In time of peace prepare for war. - Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus
Peace is that state in which fear of any kind is unknown. - John Buchan
When I leave here, when my final day on this earth is up, I want to leave in peace. I want to have peace in my heart. - Rodney King
Every animal has his or her story, his or her thoughts, daydreams, and interests. All feel joy and love, pain and fear, as we now know beyond any shadow of a doubt. All deserve that the human animal afford them the respect of being cared for with great consideration for those interests or left in peace. - Ingrid Newkirk
We've got to win this battle, and we will. We have to win the peace. - Al D'Amato
I am running for President of the United States to enable the Goddess of Peace to encircle within her arms all the children of this country and all the children of the world. - Dennis Kucinich
We tried war, we tried aggression, we tried intervention. None of it works. Why don't we try peace, as a science of human relations, not as some vague notion - as everyday work. - Dennis Kucinich
Order is the sanity of the mind, the health of the body, the peace of the city, the security of the state. Like beams in a house or bones to a body, so is order to all things. - Robert Southey
Hamas, the opponents of Arafat, the opponents of peace, urged a boycott of the election, and yet there was an 85 percent turnout where Hamas is supposed to be strong. Isn't that really quite incredible? - Warren Christopher
The Palestinian election is something that was really a turning point. It's a mandate for peace. - Warren Christopher
I have to keep reminding myself: If you give your life to God, he doesn't promise you happiness and that everything will go well. But he does promise you peace. You can have peace and joy, even in bad circumstances. - Patricia Heaton
Whether it be a matter of personal relations within a marriage or political initiatives within a peace process, there is no sure-fire do-it-yourself kit. - Seamus Heaney
One of my great all-time loves in cinema, and I've seen it three times, is Bondarchuk's 'War and Peace.' Not a lot of people may have seen that film. It was made during the Soviet era. - Baz Luhrmann
In a tribal organization, even in time of peace, service to tribe or state predominates over all self seeking in war, service for the tribe or state becomes supreme, and personal liberty is suspended. - Arthur Keith
Are ideals confined to this deformed experiment upon a noble purpose, tainted, as it is, with bargains and tied to a peace treaty which might have been disposed of long ago to the great benefit of the world if it had not been compelled to carry this rider on its back? - Henry Cabot Lodge
Our ideal is to make her ever stronger and better and finer, because in that way alone, as we believe, can she be of the greatest service to the world's peace and to the welfare of mankind. - Henry Cabot Lodge
Standing, as I believe the United States stands for humanity and civilization, we should exercise every influence of our great country to put a stop to that war which is now raging in Cuba and give to that island once more peace, liberty, and independence. - Henry Cabot Lodge
The so-called peace path is not peace and it is not a substitute for jihad and resistance. - Ahmed Yassin
If anything I consider myself non-violent, I'm from the hippy era, peace, love, groovy. - Rick James
You have to make peace with yourself. The key is to find the harmony in what you have. - Naomi Watts
I've been there and done all that, sold millions of records, and that doesn't bring you peace. - Michael W. Smith
Looking back, there is nothing wrong with that peace, love and equality that the hippies espoused. In many ways, we have regressed because they were into organic food, back to nature, make love not war, be good to all men, share and share alike - which is what many are talking about now. - Imelda Staunton
I think no one could have made peace in Bosnia besides Holbrooke. - Michael Ignatieff
For me to propose a division of Jerusalem was really terrible. I did it because I reached a conclusion that without which there will not be peace. - Ehud Olmert
I want to arrive at the possibility of peace with the Syrians, and when I believe that the conditions are right, I will not miss the opportunity. - Ehud Olmert
Peace is important for Israel. - Ehud Olmert
